## loop

### Overview

- You will learn how to create functions that manipulate strings and arrays,
  enhancing your understanding of data types in JavaScript.
- You will practice loops and recursion, which are essential for solving tasks
  in programming.
- You will gain skills in implementing basic arithmetic operations and
  understand their underlying logic.
- You will learn to handle nested objects and extract values dynamically,
  improving your object manipulation skills.
- You will enhance your ability to design algorithms by creating functions that
  replicate built-in behaviors.
- You will practice generating shapes using characters, which will strengthen
  your coding and logical thinking skills.
- You will improve your knowledge of base pairs by working with DNA and RNA
  conversions related to biological concepts.
- You will learn how to find unique combinations of numbers and explore advanced
  recursion techniques.

### Content

#### repeat

The goal of this exercise is to create a function called `repeat` that accepts a
string and a number, then returns the string repeated the specified number of
times. This reinforces your understanding of string manipulation, loops, and
recursion, helping you practice coding fundamentals by building a custom method
similar to the built-in `String.repeat()`.

#### elementary

The goal of this exercise is to help you practice creating functions that mimic
basic arithmetic operations without using the standard operators. You will write
a `multiply` function for multiplication, a `divide` function for integer
division, and a `modulo` function for the modulus operation. This will enhance
your understanding of how these operations work at a fundamental level and
improve your programming skills.

#### index-of

The goal of this exercise is to create three functions: `indexOf`,
`lastIndexOf`, and `includes`, which search through an array for a specified
value. You will implement these functions without using the built-in array
methods. This will help you understand how to manipulate arrays and enhance your
problem-solving skills in JavaScript.

#### slicer

The goal of this exercise is to create a function called `slice` that replicates
the behavior of the existing `Array.slice()` and `String.slice()` methods. You
will practice understanding how to manipulate arrays and strings by processing a
given input based on starting and optional ending indices. This will enhance
your coding skills and understanding of JavaScript prototypes.

#### keep-cut

The goal of this exercise is to practice creating functions that manipulate
strings in different ways. You will learn to use string slicing by removing or
keeping specific characters from the beginning and end of a string. This
exercise enhances your programming skills by reinforcing how to work with
strings and functions effectively.

#### cut-corners

The goal of this exercise is to create functions that replicate the behavior of
JavaScript's rounding methods: `round`, `ceil`, `floor`, and `trunc`. You will
implement these functions without using string conversion, bitwise operators, or
the modulus operator. This will help you understand number manipulation and
control flow in programming. You will also practice applying mathematical
concepts in code.

#### reverser

The goal of this exercise is to create a function named `reverse` that can
reverse the elements of an array or the characters of a string without using the
built-in `Array.reverse()` method. You will practice working with data
structures and implementing algorithms, strengthening your understanding of
JavaScript.

#### unbreakable

The goal of this exercise is to implement two functions: `split`, which mimics
the behavior of `String.split` but takes a string as the first argument, and
`join`, which mimics the behavior of `Array.join` but takes an array as the
first argument. You will practice handling string and array manipulations while
learning how to redefine their behaviors in JavaScript.

#### chunky

The goal of this exercise is to create a function called `chunk` that divides an
input array into smaller sub-arrays, where each sub-array has a length specified
by an integer size. You will ensure the function can handle arrays that do not
divide evenly by including any remaining elements in the last sub-array. This
will help you practice working with arrays and functions in programming.

#### nasa

The goal of this exercise is to create a function named `nasa` that generates a
string of numbers from 1 to `N`. You will replace numbers divisible by 3 with
"NA", those divisible by 5 with "SA", and those divisible by both 3 and 5 with
"NASA". This will help you practice loops or recursion.

#### molecules-cells

The goal of this exercise is to enhance your understanding of string
manipulation in programming by creating two functions. The first function will
convert a DNA strand into its complementary RNA strand, and the second function
will convert an RNA strand back into its complementary DNA strand, following the
specified base pair rules. This task will improve your coding skills and
reinforce your knowledge of molecular biology concepts.

#### get

The goal of this exercise is to create a function called `get` that extracts a
value from a nested object using a specified string path. You will learn to
navigate object properties dynamically by splitting the path string and
accessing each level of the object. This enhances your understanding of object
manipulation in JavaScript.

#### triangle

The goal of this exercise is to create a function named `triangle` that
generates a triangle shape using a specified character and height. You will
write code that constructs each line of the triangle based on the height, using
loops or recursion. The result will be a string with the triangle pattern,
ensuring no extra new line is added after the last line. This will help you
practice looping and function creation skills in programming.

#### pyramid

The goal of this exercise is to create a function named `pyramid` that generates
a pyramid shape using the `*` character based on a specified depth. You will
practice using loops and possibly recursion to structure the output correctly.
Your output will be centered, forming a visual representation of a pyramid.

#### flat

The goal of this exercise is to create a function named `flat` that mimics the
behavior of `Array.flat()`. You will focus on flattening an array by reducing
its nested structure into a single-level array. This will enhance your
understanding of array manipulation and prototype methods in JavaScript.

#### find-expression

The goal of the exercise is to create a function called `findExpression` that
generates a sequence of operations starting from the number 1 to reach a given
number by using two operations: adding 4 or multiplying by 2. If the number
cannot be achieved, the function should return `undefined`. You will practice
your skills with loops and recursion.

#### sums

The goal of this exercise is to create a function called `sums` that takes a
number as input and generates all unique combinations of numbers that add up to
that input value. The function must ensure that duplicate combinations are not
counted and that the resulting combinations are sorted. This helps improve your
understanding of recursion and array manipulation in programming.
