## Piscine Rust

### Overview

From completing the piscine, you will learn the following key skills:

- **Variables Quest**: Create functions for arithmetic, conversions, and work
  with strings, vectors, and recursion.
- **Memory Quest**: Manage data ownership, manipulate functions, and enhance
  your understanding of error handling and game logic.
- **Data Quest**: Work with structs, arrays, `HashMap`, and learn sorting and
  character counting.
- **Checkpoint 01-Rust**: Demonstrate skills in functions, structures, and
  collections while exploring error handling.
- **Drawing Activity**: Create geometric shapes and learn about traits and image
  processing.
- **Errors Quest**: Master error handling, user input validation, and implement
  command flags.
- **Crates Quest**: Utilize external libraries and practice string manipulation
  and data management.
- **Patterns Quest**: Enhance skills in strings, algorithms, and pattern
  recognition.
- **Checkpoint 02-Rust**: Develop functions and work with error handling and
  algorithms.
- **Chaikin Activity**: Implement an animation for a geometric algorithm.
- **Pointers Quest**: Understand memory management, ownership, and error
  handling.
- **Traits Quest**: Create generic functions and data structures.
- **Checkpoint 03-Rust**: Apply various Rust techniques, focusing on data
  structures.
- **Road Intersection Activity**: Design a traffic control simulation.
- **Lifetimes Quest**: Manage data structures, lifetimes, and create
  notification systems.
- **Features Exercises**: Work with closures, iterators, and real-world
  simulations.
- **Final Checkpoint-Rust**: Solidify your knowledge in functions, collections,
  and testing your code.

These quests will greatly enhance your programming skills in Rust and deepen
your understanding of its features.

### Content

#### variables

In this quest, you will learn to create various functions in Rust, enhancing
your skills in arithmetic operations, temperature and speed conversions, string
manipulation, and working with vectors and matrices. You will practice user
input handling and loops through a riddle program. You will gain experience with
recursion for calculating factorials and Fibonacci numbers, as well as using
tuples for structured data. This quest aims to solidify your understanding of
functions, data types, and collections in Rust programming.

#### memory

By completing the "memory" quest, you will gain essential skills in Rust
programming. You will learn how to manage data ownership and borrowing, create
and manipulate functions, and work with string types. You will enhance your
abilities in string formatting, memory management, and efficient data handling.
Finally, you will explore game logic and numerical checks, solidifying your
understanding of Rust's features.

#### data

In this quest, you will learn to create and manipulate struct types in Rust,
understand state modification, and calculate geometric properties through
methods. You will explore enumerations, work with arrays, and handle string
operations, including counting characters and measuring string similarity. You
will gain skills in data structures like `HashMap`, sorting algorithms, and
check for anagrams, enhancing both your programming and problem-solving skills.
Completing these exercises will deepen your understanding of Rust's features,
allowing you to build functional programs efficiently.

#### Checkpoint 01-rust

In Checkpoint 01 for Rust, you will demonstrate essential programming skills,
including creating functions, using tuples, and defining structures with traits.
You will manipulate strings, arrays, and collections like HashMaps while also
working with dynamic data structures and implementing error handling. Each
exercise, from finding minimum values to sorting arrays and evaluating Reverse
Polish Notation, will strengthen your understanding of Rust's core concepts and
enhance your overall programming abilities.

#### drawing

In this activity, you will learn to create and manage geometric shapes using
Rust programming. You will define traits for drawing and displaying shapes and
implement various shape structures, including points, lines, triangles,
rectangles, and circles. You will gain skills in module creation, trait
implementation, associated functions, and image processing with an external
library. The final output will be a PNG file showcasing your drawn shapes,
enhancing your understanding of Rust's functionality.

#### errors

In this quest, you will learn essential error handling techniques in Rust
through various exercises. You will practice using methods like `expect` and
`unwrap_or` to manage errors, handle file operations, create filters, design
nested structures with `Option` types, develop command flag systems, and
implement error types for user input validation. By completing these tasks, you
will enhance your coding skills in Rust, particularly in managing errors and
structuring data effectively. You will also gain insights into algorithms like
binary search and practice building APIs for JSON file handling.

#### crates

By completing the crates quest, you will learn to create and use functions in
Rust, utilize external libraries like `chrono`, and handle `Option` types. You
will practice calculating areas and volumes, manage data with JSON, and design
modular code. Additionally, you will enhance your string manipulation skills and
implement logic with conditionals and loops.

#### patterns

In this quest, you will learn to create various functions in Rust, enhancing
your programming skills through practical tasks. You will handle string
manipulation, explore mathematical operations, and practice data structures like
structs. You will develop skills in searching algorithms, conditional logic, and
encoding methods. You will also gain experience in pattern recognition and
visual outputs, leading to a comprehensive understanding of Rustâ€™s capabilities
in real-world applications.

#### Checkpoint 02-rust

In Checkpoint 02-rust, you will learn various essential skills in Rust
programming. You will understand how to identify prime numbers, use loops,
control structures, and create functions. You will develop skills in string
manipulation, calculate factorials, and work with Rust's ownership model. You
will also learn to handle errors, sort collections, and work with algorithms to
decode messages. Each exercise will enhance your understanding of functions,
structs, and the logical flow necessary for effective programming in Rust.

#### chaikin

In this activity, you will implement Chaikin's algorithm through a step-by-step
animation. You will learn how to create a canvas for user interaction, handle
mouse events to place control points, and animate the algorithm's steps. You
will also understand how to manage keyboard events for starting the animation
and quitting the program. By the end, you will enhance your programming skills
in graphics, user input processing, and animation creation. You may also explore
optional features like clearing the canvas and dragging points.

#### pointers

In this quest, you will learn essential Rust programming skills focused on
memory management, ownership, and data structures. You will master heap memory
using `Box`, apply ownership principles with smart pointers, and enhance your
ability to create and manipulate structures like `GameSession`. You will
practice reference counting with `Rc` and manage mutability using `RefCell`. You
will also implement error handling in various scenarios like games and data
tracking. Completing these exercises will deepen your understanding of Rust,
improve your programming abilities, and strengthen your capacity to manage data
effectively.

#### traits

You will learn to create generic functions and data structures in Rust, such as
linked lists and vector operations. You will enhance your skills in traits with
string manipulation and food-type definitions. You will model blood types,
implement conversion to Roman numerals, and handle JSON data. Finally, you will
apply logic by processing a minesweeper board, improving your overall
programming abilities in Rust.

#### Checkpoint 03-rust

In this checkpoint, you will learn to apply various Rust programming techniques.
You will focus on string manipulation, array management, prime number
identification, and data structures like structs and enums. You will also
enhance your skills in error handling, recursion, and creating APIs. Completing
these exercises will prepare you for real-world programming challenges in Rust.

#### road_intersection

In the road_intersection activity, you will learn how to create a traffic
control strategy for a city intersection. You will design a simulation using a
library like sdl2 to handle objects like roads, traffic lights, and vehicles.
You will practice programming concepts such as object management, user input
handling, and algorithm implementation to control traffic flow effectively,
preventing collisions and managing congestion.

#### lifetimes

You will learn essential Rust skills by creating and managing a `Matrix` data
structure, implementing basic operations, and exploring traits. You will enhance
your understanding of lifetimes through struct management, practice string
manipulation with the `delete_prefix` function, and develop a notification
system. Additionally, you will create a flexible `hash_map` macro to simplify
initializing collections. This quest will improve your programming abilities and
deepen your understanding of Rust concepts.

#### features

In these exercises, you will learn important Rust programming skills, including
closures, higher-order functions, and vector manipulation. You will build a
shopping system, implement currying, create iterators, and manage data with
structs. You will also work with hashmaps, simulate real-world physics, and
convert markdown to HTML. These activities will enhance your understanding of
Rust's features and improve your coding abilities, focusing on efficient data
handling and function implementation.

#### Final Checkpoint-rust

In the Final Checkpoint for Rust, you will enhance your Rust skills through
practical exercises. You will create functions, work with data types like
integers and strings, use collections such as `HashMap`, and implement control
structures. You will learn string manipulation, algorithm design, and error
handling, while gaining experience in testing your code. By applying your
knowledge to different programming scenarios, you will deepen your understanding
of Rust and improve your overall coding abilities.
