## Piscine AI

### Overview

You will gain valuable skills and knowledge through the following projects:

- **NumPy**: You will learn to create and reshape arrays, handle random data,
  and perform data analysis.
- **Pandas**: You will understand how to manage data, clean datasets, and use
  DataFrames for analysis.
- **Visualizations**: You will master creating different types of plots using
  Matplotlib and Plotly to interpret data visually.
- **Data Wrangling**: You will practice merging, grouping, and transforming data
  with Pandas.
- **Time-Series**: You will analyze time series data, focusing on financial data
  and rolling averages.
- **Backtesting SP500**: You will develop and test stock-picking strategies with
  financial data.
- **Linear Regression**: You will learn to implement linear regression and
  evaluate predictions.
- **Classification**: You will grasp binary and multi-class classification
  techniques with practical exercises.
- **Pipeline**: You will streamline data preprocessing using Scikit-learn's
  Pipeline.
- **Training**: You will evaluate machine learning models and understand key
  metrics.
- **Model Selection**: You will learn to choose the best model using K-Fold and
  GridSearchCV.
- **Forest Prediction**: You will classify forest data, create features, and
  train models.
- **Neural Networks**: You will gain practical insights into building and
  training neural networks.
- **Keras**: You will use Keras to build and optimize neural networks.
- **Keras 2**: You will work with regression and classification tasks in Keras,
  enhancing your model tuning skills.
- **NLP**: You will preprocess text data and utilize Bag of Words for machine
  learning.
- **NLP with spaCy**: You will explore advanced NLP techniques, including
  embeddings and named entity recognition.

### Content

#### numpy

In this project, you will learn to use **NumPy**, a powerful Python library for
data analysis, to manipulate arrays and perform operations efficiently. You will
set up a Python environment, create and reshape arrays, and access values using
indexing and slicing. You will also learn to generate random data, handle
missing values, and perform fundamental data analysis on real-world datasets. By
the end, you will understand how to concatenate, reshape, and apply advanced
operations like broadcasting, enhancing your data science skills.

#### pandas

In this project, you will learn how to effectively use the Pandas library for
data manipulation and analysis. You will create DataFrames, handle missing data,
and work with real datasets like electric power consumption and e-commerce
purchases. You will gain skills in setting up an environment, performing data
cleaning, updating data types, and deriving insights from data using Pandas and
other libraries. By the end, you will understand practical data handling
techniques essential for data science.

#### visualizations

In this project, you will learn to visualize data using three Python libraries:
Pandas, Matplotlib, and Plotly. You will understand how to create various types
of plots like bar charts, scatter plots, and box plots. By mastering these
tools, you will gain the skills to effectively interpret and present data,
choosing the appropriate library depending on your visualization needs.

#### data-wrangling

In this data wrangling project, you will learn how to manipulate and analyze
data using the Pandas library. You will practice essential operations such as
concatenating, merging, and grouping data frames, as well as applying functions
and aggregating results. You will also work with MultiIndex data, unstack
DataFrames, and fill missing values. By completing these exercises, you will
gain practical skills in data wrangling, which are crucial for any data science
or analysis project.

#### time-series

In this project, you will learn to work with time series data using Pandas,
focusing on financial data analysis. You will gain skills in resampling data,
calculating rolling averages, and backtesting financial strategies. You will
handle Apple stock data, compute daily returns, and visualize results. This
project emphasizes the use of vectorized operations and provides practical
exercises to solidify your understanding of time series analysis in Python.

#### backtesting-sp500

In this project, you will perform a backtest on the SP500 constituents to
develop a stock-picking strategy that outperforms the market. You will learn to
optimize large datasets, perform exploratory data analysis, handle missing
values, preprocess financial data, create a stock selection signal, and
implement a backtesting framework. By the end, you will effectively compare your
strategy's performance to the SP500 benchmark and present your results clearly.
This will enhance your skills in quantitative analysis and financial data
management.

#### linear-regression

In this project, you will learn about linear regression and supervised learning
using Scikit-learn. You will understand data splitting into training and testing
sets, how to evaluate predictions, and implement a linear regression model to
forecast diabetes progression. You will gain hands-on experience with data
analysis, visualization, and optimizing regression coefficients through
exercises. By the end, you will have a solid understanding of linear regression,
its practical applications, and how to assess model performance using metrics
like Mean Squared Error (MSE).

#### classification

In this project, you will learn about classification in machine learning using
Scikit-learn. You will understand binary and multi-class classification,
logistic regression, and the sigmoid function. You will practice fitting models,
predicting classes and probabilities, and splitting datasets while maintaining
class proportions. By applying logistic regression to real datasets, you will
grasp how to evaluate model accuracy and utilize loss functions like logloss.
Additionally, you will explore multi-class approaches like One-vs-Rest.

#### pipeline

The project goal is to learn data preprocessing using the Pipeline object from
scikit-learn. You will manage categorical variables with Integer and One Hot
Encoding, impute missing values, scale data, and reduce dimensionality. You will
discover how to combine these transformations in a sequential manner with
Pipeline, making model training and evaluation simpler. By completing this
project, you will gain hands-on experience in essential preprocessing techniques
necessary for effective machine learning.

#### training

In this project, you will learn how to train and evaluate machine learning
models using various metrics and techniques. You will understand key metrics for
regression, such as R2 and Mean Square Error, and for classification, like F1
score and precision. You will also explore grid search for optimizing model
performance. By the end, you will gain practical skills in using Scikit-learn to
apply different machine learning models and evaluate their effectiveness on
real-world datasets.

#### model-selection

In this project, you will learn to select the best machine learning model using
techniques like K-Fold and GridSearchCV. You will understand the importance of
cross-validation to avoid overfitting and underfitting, analyze model
performance with validation and learning curves, and evaluate models using
metrics such as Mean Squared Error. This foundational knowledge will help you
make informed choices when applying machine learning algorithms.

#### forest-prediction

In the Forest Prediction project, you will learn to classify forest categories
using cartographic data. You will analyze and preprocess data, create meaningful
features, and select the best machine learning model. By the end, you will train
a model, make predictions, and evaluate accuracy, while ensuring reproducibility
to avoid overfitting.

#### neural-networks

The goal of this project is to give you a practical understanding of how
artificial neural networks function. You will learn to implement neurons, build
neural networks, compute log loss for classification, and perform forward
propagation. You will also adapt activation functions for regression tasks,
gaining insights into training challenges and applications in real-world
scenarios. By completing these exercises, you will enhance your knowledge of
machine learning concepts and their implementation in Python.

#### keras

You will learn to use Keras to build neural networks by setting up your Python
environment and applying the Sequential API. You will create layers with the
Dense class, design a regression architecture, and optimize your model using the
fit and compile methods. This project will deepen your understanding of deep
learning concepts and practical implementation.

#### keras-2

In this project, you will learn to use Keras for building and training neural
networks focusing on regression and multi-class classification tasks. You will
set up your Python environment, optimize neural networks, and preprocess
datasets, such as the Auto MPG and Iris datasets. Key learnings include
understanding model architectures, loss functions, and evaluation metrics
specific to regression and classification problems. You will also gain hands-on
experience by implementing and tweaking models to achieve desired accuracy and
performance.

#### nlp

In this project, you will learn about Natural Language Processing (NLP) and how
to preprocess text data. You will understand the Bag of Words model, which
simplifies text for machine learning. You will practice using tools like NLTK
and Scikit-learn for tasks such as lowercasing, removing punctuation,
tokenization, stop word removal, stemming, and creating a feature matrix from
text data. By the end, you will have practical skills to handle and analyze text
data, preparing you for more complex NLP tasks.

#### nlp-spacy

In this project, you will learn to use the spaCy library for natural language
processing. You will find out how to convert text into vector embeddings,
compute similarities between sentences, and identify named entities and parts of
speech. Through hands-on exercises, you will set up your environment, work with
embeddings, tokenize texts, analyze sentence similarities, and explore named
entities, enhancing your understanding of NLP concepts and their applications.
