## Module

### Overview

- You will gain practical experience in writing Go programs and using proper
  syntax for coding tasks.
- You will learn to manipulate strings and implement functions for various
  applications.
- You will develop skills in input validation and handling edge cases in your
  code.
- You will enhance your understanding of data structures like arrays and their
  applications.
- You will become familiar with version control using Git, improving
  collaboration skills.
- You will learn to manage files and implement algorithms for tasks like sorting
  and spatial arrangement.
- You will understand web development principles, creating interactive user
  interfaces and handling HTTP requests.
- You will practice good coding habits, including writing clean, well-documented
  code, and developing useful applications.
- You will improve troubleshooting abilities and gain confidence in debugging
  and problem-solving.
- You will develop an understanding of secure coding practices and user
  management systems related to web applications.

### Content

#### Checkpoint

In this exam, you will practice writing programs to output specific characters,
develop functions for various tasks, and enhance your programming skills in Go.
You will learn basic syntax, string manipulation, handling arrays, and
implementing conditional logic and input validation. Each exercise reinforces
concepts like output precision, edge case handling, and writing clean code. You
will apply these principles to functions related to geometry, character
counting, and more. By completing this exam, you will gain confidence in coding
and problem-solving.

#### go-reloaded

In this project, you will create a text completion/editing/auto-correction tool
using Go. You will apply your previous functions and learn to manipulate strings
and numbers. You will follow good coding practices and unit testing. You will
also act as an auditor for peers, enhancing your understanding of code quality
and testing techniques.

#### git

In the "Git Ready" project, you will learn how to use Git for version control
and collaboration. You will start with the basics, including committing changes,
creating branches, and merging, and progress to more advanced tasks like
resolving conflicts and working with remote repositories. You will gain
essential skills in documenting your process, understanding Git commands, and
organizing your work effectively. This project will prepare you for managing
your code and collaborating with others using version control systems.

#### tetris-optimizer

In the "tetris-optimizer" project, you will develop a Go program that organizes
tetrominoes from a file into the smallest possible square. You will learn to
implement algorithms for spatial arrangement, read data from files, manage
errors for malformed inputs, and follow good coding practices. This will enhance
your problem-solving skills and deepen your understanding of programming
concepts.

#### atm-management-system

In this ATM project, you will enhance a basic ATM system written in C. You will
learn programming concepts by adding features such as user registration, account
updates, transaction handling, and account removal. You will manipulate files
for user and account data, manage memory, and potentially implement bonus
features like notifications and database integration. This project will
strengthen your programming skills and prepare you to adapt to new programming
challenges.

#### ascii-art

In this project, you will create an ASCII art program in Go that takes a string
and converts it into a graphic representation using ASCII characters. You will
learn how to handle different inputs, manipulate data, interact with the Go file
system, and follow good coding practices, including writing unit tests.

#### ascii-art-color

In this project, you will learn to manipulate colors in Go by implementing a
command-line tool that colors specific substrings in output text. You will use
different color notation systems like RGB and ANSI. You will practice using the
Go file system API, handling command-line arguments, and ensuring the program
follows good coding practices with unit tests. This will enhance your skills in
data manipulation and improve your ability to create visually engaging terminal
displays.

#### ascii-art-output

In the ascii-art-output project, you will learn to create a program in Go that
generates ASCII art and writes the output to a specified file. You will use
command-line flags for input and ensure your program handles various options
correctly. You will also practice good coding practices and gain experience in
unit testing while working with Go's file system APIs and data manipulation.

#### ascii-art-fs

In this project, you will create an ASCII art generator using Go. You will learn
to use the Go file system API and improve your skills in data manipulation. You
will practice good coding practices and write unit tests. By following specific
input formats, you will also understand how to handle command-line arguments in
Go efficiently.

#### ascii-art-justify

In this project, you will learn to create an ASCII art text alignment tool in
Go. You will implement a command-line interface that accepts a flag for
alignment options: center, left, right, and justify. You will adapt the output
to the terminal size, ensuring proper formatting. Additionally, you will
practice good coding practices, including unit testing and file handling in Go,
enhancing your skills in data manipulation and terminal display.

#### ascii-art-reverse

In the ascii-reverse project, you will learn to reverse process graphic
representations into text using Go programming. You will create a program that
accepts a flag to read a graphic ASCII file and output the corresponding text.
You will gain skills in the Go file system API and data manipulation, adhering
to good coding practices and writing unit tests for reliability.

#### push-swap

In the Push-Swap project, you will learn how to implement a non-comparative
sorting algorithm using two stacks. You will create two programs: "push-swap,"
which sorts a list of integers and provides the minimal instructions, and
"checker," which executes given instructions to verify the sort. You will gain
skills in handling algorithms, using data structures like stacks, and managing
errors effectively. This project enhances your problem-solving abilities and
deepens your understanding of sorting techniques in programming.

#### ascii-art-web

In this project, you will create a web server using Go to run a graphical user
interface for generating ASCII art. You will learn to implement HTTP endpoints
to handle GET and POST requests, manage user input, and return appropriate HTTP
status codes. You will also work with HTML templates to display results on a
webpage in an organized way. By completing this project, you will gain skills in
web development, server management, and handling user interactions.

#### ascii-art-web-stylize

In this project, you will create an appealing, interactive, and user-friendly
website using CSS while following good design practices. You will learn about
the fundamentals of human-computer interaction, the essential aspects of CSS,
and how to link CSS with HTML. The focus will be on creating a consistent,
responsive design that provides clear feedback to users.

#### ascii-art-web-dockerize

In this project, you will learn how to create a web server in Go and use Docker
to build and manage your application. You will create a Dockerfile, an image,
and a container. You will apply metadata to Docker objects and practice garbage
collection. This will enhance your understanding of web basics, Docker, and best
practices in coding and containerization.

#### ascii-art-web-export-file

In the ascii-art-web-export project, you will learn how to create a web
application that exports ascii art in a chosen file format. You will develop an
HTTP endpoint using Go, implement essential HTTP headers for file transfer, and
ensure correct file permissions. Additionally, you will practice handling errors
and following good coding practices while improving your understanding of export
formats and data communication on the web.

#### my-ls-1

In this project, you will create your own version of the `ls` command using Go.
You will learn how to replicate the functionality of the original command,
including specific flags like `-l`, `-R`, `-a`, `-r`, and `-t`. You will gain
experience in handling files and directories, managing data input and output,
string manipulation, and working with structures. Additionally, by following
good coding practices and incorporating unit testing, you will enhance your
programming skills and understanding of Unix systems.

#### net-cat

You will learn how to create a server-client chat application using Go. You will
implement TCP connections allowing multiple clients to communicate. The key
features include managing client names, controlling connections, sending
messages with timestamps, broadcasting, and handling client joins/leaves. You
will also explore Go routines, mutexes, and error handling. This project
enhances your understanding of network programming, Go concurrency, and socket
communication.

#### groupie-tracker

In the Groupie Tracker project, you will learn to manipulate API data to create
a user-friendly website displaying artist information, concert locations, and
dates. You will gain skills in data visualization, error handling, event/action
creation, and client-server communication. Additionally, you will work with
JSON, HTML, and backend development in Go, focusing on best practices and
testing to ensure reliability.

#### groupie-tracker-filters

In the Groupie Tracker Filters project, you will create a system that allows
users to filter artists and bands based on creation date, first album date,
number of members, and concert locations. You will learn to implement range and
checkbox filters, handle backend errors, and work with JSON data. You will gain
experience in data manipulation, display, and storage while adhering to good
programming practices. Additionally, you will learn about Go routines and unit
testing, enhancing your skills in building robust web applications.

#### groupie-tracker-geolocalization

In the Groupie Tracker Geolocalization project, you will learn how to map
concert locations for an artist or band using geographic coordinates. You will
convert addresses into coordinates, handle website errors, and follow good
coding practices in Go. You will also work with a Map API and gain skills in
data manipulation, HTML, geolocation, event handling, and JSON formatting, all
essential for web development.

#### groupie-tracker-visualizations

In this project, you will learn to manipulate API data and present it
effectively using CSS. You will apply Shneiderman's 8 Golden Rules of Interface
Design to create a user-friendly interface. You will gain skills in
human-computer interaction, CSS basics, and how to link CSS with HTML, enhancing
your web design abilities.

#### groupie-tracker-search-bar

In the groupie-tracker-search-bar project, you will create a search program for
your website to find data about artists, members, and albums. You will learn to
handle case-insensitive input, implement typing suggestions, and distinguish
search results by type. This project will improve your skills in data
manipulation, HTML, event handling, and working with JSON files using Go.

#### lem-in

In the "lem-in" project, you will create a program that simulates an ant farm.
You will learn to read data from a file, find the shortest paths for ants in a
network of rooms and tunnels, and display the results. You will also handle
errors, manipulate strings and structures, and apply algorithms to solve
problems related to pathfinding. Crafting efficient code will enhance your
programming skills in Go.

#### forum

In this project, you will create a web forum where users can communicate,
categorize posts, and like or dislike content. You will learn to use SQLite for
data storage, manage user authentication with sessions and cookies, and
implement filtering for posts. You will also gain experience using Docker for
application containerization, SQL for database manipulation, and basic
encryption techniques for password security. This project will enhance your
understanding of web development fundamentals.

#### forum-authentication

In this project, you will learn to implement authentication in your forum using
Google and GitHub. You will gain experience with sessions, cookies, and
protecting routes, which are essential for secure web applications. You will
practice writing code in Go and following good programming practices, enhancing
your skills further in web development.

#### forum-image-upload

In the `forum-image-upload` project, you will learn to create a web application
that allows registered users to upload images and text in posts. You will handle
different image types such as JPEG, PNG, and GIF, while ensuring the images do
not exceed a 20 MB size limit. This project emphasizes best coding practices in
Go, error handling, and implementing unit tests. You will gain hands-on
experience with image manipulation and handling user interactions effectively.

#### forum-security

In this project, you will focus on securing a forum by implementing HTTPS, which
involves generating an SSL certificate for encrypted connections. You will learn
about cipher suites, rate limiting to prevent abuse, and encrypting client
passwords for security. Additionally, you will work with unique session cookies
to protect user sessions and improve web security practices. Handling errors and
following good coding practices will also be key focuses. You will gain valuable
skills in encryption, goroutines, and channels, enhancing your overall
programming knowledge.

#### forum-moderation

In the forum-moderation project, you will create a moderation system that allows
different user types with varying access levels. You will learn how to implement
user roles, such as guests, users, moderators, and administrators, and manage
their permissions effectively. This project will also teach you about handling
website errors, using best coding practices, and implementing unit testing. You
will gain a deeper understanding of how moderation works, and how to filter
content based on various categories.

#### forum-advanced-features

In this project, you will learn to build advanced features for a forum using Go.
You will implement user notifications for likes, dislikes, and comments on their
posts. You will also create an activity page that displays users' interactions,
such as their created posts and comments. Additionally, you will add
functionality to edit or remove posts and comments. You will practice good
coding habits and unit testing, enhancing your skills in backend development and
user interaction management.

#### Piscine JS

In Piscine JS, you will learn important JavaScript skills, including data types,
loops, strings, regular expressions, and object manipulation. You will enhance
your problem-solving abilities through practical tasks like creating functions,
handling dates, and manipulating the DOM. You will also gain experience with API
integration and Node.js, preparing you for real-world programming challenges.
This experience will greatly boost your coding confidence and competence.

#### make-your-game

In this project, you will create your own game using plain JavaScript, HTML, and
the DOM. You will learn to achieve smooth animations at 60 FPS, build a pause
menu, and implement features like a timer, score display, and lives counter.
This helps you understand performance measurement, event loops, and browser
developer tools, improving your coding skills in game development.

#### make-your-game-score-handling

In this project, you will create a scoreboard system using Go. You will learn to
build an API service that handles game scores using POST and GET requests. You
will work with JSON data to save and retrieve player scores. Additionally, you
will implement sorting algorithms to display the top scores. This project will
enhance your skills in web programming, data management, and working with APIs.

#### make-your-game-history

You will create a story mode for a computer game, learning to craft a narrative
that includes an introduction, development, and conclusion. This project will
help you understand story structure, game design principles, and how to enhance
user experience through engaging storytelling within a game environment.

#### make-your-game-different-maps

In this project, you will create a tileset for tile map generation and develop
your own engine without using tile editors. You will generate at least three
distinct tile maps and learn to manage tile images efficiently by grouping them
in a single image. You will understand how to optimize rendering performance,
especially when using scrolling tile maps, and experience implementing a logical
grid for game logic. By completing this project, you will gain skills in tile
map creation, image manipulation, and rendering techniques.

#### real-time-forum

In this project, you will enhance your previous forum by implementing real-time
features using JavaScript, Go, and SQLite. You will learn to create a
registration and login system, manage posts and comments, and develop private
messaging functionality. You will also work with WebSockets for real-time
communication, understand how front-end and back-end components interact, and
deepen your knowledge of HTML, CSS, and SQL. This project will strengthen your
web development skills and improve your ability to handle data and user
interactions effectively.

#### real-time-forum-typing-in-progress

In this project, you will create a "typing in progress" engine that shows when a
user is typing in real time. You will learn to use Go routines and channels for
concurrency, implement WebSockets for real-time communication, and handle
JavaScript events for user interactions. The project emphasizes smooth
animations and user-friendly design, enhancing your understanding of real-time
web applications.

#### stock-exchange-sim

In this project, you will learn how to develop a program that optimizes the
execution of tasks in a process chain, aiming to complete tasks efficiently and
quickly. You will analyze input files that describe process dependencies, create
your own configuration files, implement scheduling techniques, and build a
checker program to verify the performance of your solution. By completing this
project, you will gain practical skills in programming, understanding process
management, and working with compiled languages like C, Rust, or Go.

#### mister-quiz

In this project, you will learn to build a quiz game website using PHP and
Laravel, where users can register, log in, and play quizzes. You will implement
user authentication, manage scores and XP, and display leaderboards.
Additionally, you will work with Laravel's MVC structure, database migrations,
and Blade templates to create a functional and engaging web application.

#### graphql

In this project, you will learn GraphQL by creating your own profile page and a
login system. You will query your personal data from a GraphQL endpoint and
display it on the page. You will also generate statistic graphs using SVG.
Furthermore, you will understand JWT for secure data access, authentication, and
hosting your project online.

#### social-network

In this project, you will create a Facebook-like social network, learning key
skills in building web applications. You will develop frontend features like
user profiles, posts, groups, and chat functionalities using HTML, CSS, and a
JavaScript framework. On the backend, you will implement authentication with
sessions and cookies, manage a SQLite database, and create web servers. You will
also enhance your understanding of Docker by containerizing the frontend and
backend, and utilizing WebSockets for real-time messaging. This project will
deepen your knowledge of SQL, migrations, and secure data handling.

#### social-network-cross-platform-appimage

In this project, you will create a cross-platform messenger app using Electron.
You will learn to implement real-time communication with Websockets, user
authentication, and maintain online/offline status. You will also gain skills in
data manipulation and local storage, while designing features like message
notifications and search functionality. This project enhances your understanding
of desktop apps and real-time data handling.

#### netfix

In this project, you will create a website called "Netfix" using Django. You
will learn to implement user registration and login for two types of users:
customers and companies. You will code features for service creation, requests,
and profile management. You will also understand Django's structure, including
creating models, views, and using templates. This project will enhance your
skills in web development with Python and improve your ability to work with
databases.

#### mini-framework

In this project, you will create your own framework by implementing features
like DOM abstraction, a routing system, state management, and event handling.
You will also build a functional TodoMVC application using your framework. Key
learnings include understanding the differences between frameworks and
libraries, how to manipulate the DOM efficiently, implement routing, manage
application state, and create documentation for users. This will enhance your
skills in web development, focusing on JavaScript, HTML, CSS, and framework
design principles.

#### shop

In this project, you will learn how to enhance a Rails e-Commerce website by
implementing user authentication, allowing users to create product ads, and
developing a shopping cart feature. You will work with controllers, models, and
helper functions in Ruby on Rails, enabling you to manage users and products
effectively. You will gain practical skills in working with Rails, managing
parameters for sign-up and account updates, and ensuring only ad creators can
edit or delete their listings. Furthermore, you will learn to build a dynamic
shopping cart that updates in real time, enhances user interaction, and
maintains data across user sessions. This project will deepen your understanding
of web application development using Ruby on Rails.

#### bomberman-dom

In the bomberman-dom project, you will create a multiplayer version of the
classic Bomberman game using your previously made framework. You will learn to
manage game performance, ensuring a smooth experience at 60 frames per second.
Key learnings include using requestAnimationFrame, WebSockets for player
communication, handling game states, and implementing various game mechanics to
enhance the multiplayer experience.

#### wget

In this project, you will recreate functionalities of `wget` using a compiled
language. You will learn to download files from URLs, save them with custom
names, and in specific directories. You will manage download speed, handle
background tasks, and download multiple files simultaneously. Additionally, you
will implement website mirroring, including following links, excluding certain
files and directories, and converting links for offline use. This will enhance
your understanding of HTTP, FTP, algorithms, and file systems.

#### Piscine Rust

In the Piscine Rust, you will enhance your programming skills in Rust through
various quests, focusing on functions, data management, error handling, and
memory management. You will create geometric shapes, manage data ownership,
utilize external libraries, and implement algorithms. By completing checkpoints
and activities, you will master Rust features, improve problem-solving skills,
and gain practical experience for real-world applications, solidifying your
knowledge for future programming challenges.

#### smart-road

In the Smart Road project, you will create a traffic control algorithm for
autonomous vehicles at intersections without traffic lights. You will learn to
implement vehicle physics, manage safety distances, and control speeds. The
project teaches Rust programming, event handling, animation, and algorithm
design through a simulation that generates statistics about vehicle movements,
enhancing your understanding of traffic management technology.

#### filler

In this project, you will develop a program to play the Filler game, where two
robots compete to fill a grid with pieces. You will learn how to manage game
logic, handle input and output with the `game_engine`, and understand grid-based
algorithms. The objective is to maximize your occupied area while preventing
your opponent from doing the same. You will also gain experience using Docker
for your development environment.

#### rt

In this project, you will implement a ray tracer to create a 2D image from 3D
scenes. You will learn to generate simple objects like spheres, cubes, and
planes, manage camera angles, and control lighting and shadows. Additionally,
you will understand file handling for image formats and improve usability
through documentation. By the end, you will have practical skills in graphics
programming, geometry, and algorithms, along with the optional ability to add
effects like textures and reflections.

#### localhost

In this project, you will learn how to create a basic web server using the HTTP
protocol in Rust. You will understand client-server communication, how to handle
multiple requests, manage various HTTP methods, and implement features like file
uploads, cookies, and error handling. You will also gain experience with system
calls, non-blocking I/O, and configuring server settings. Additionally, you will
write tests to ensure server stability and performance. By the end, you will
have a solid grasp of how web servers work and the principles of reliable
communication on the internet.

#### system-monitor

In this project, you will learn C++ programming by enhancing an existing Desktop
System Monitor application. You will add features and fix code, gaining skills
in user interface design using the Dear ImGui library. You will work with system
resources, such as CPU, RAM, and network data, while exploring the Linux `/proc`
filesystem to monitor system performance. This experience will deepen your
understanding of programming logic and adapting to new situations.

#### zappy

In this project, you will create "Zappy", an automatic game where AIs survive
and level up by collecting resources. You will learn to design a server that
manages game logic and communicate with clients. You will also develop functions
for player interactions, resource management, and implementing evolution
rituals. Additionally, you will create a graphic client for visualizing game
actions. Overall, you will enhance your programming skills and understand
client-server architecture in multiplayer settings.

#### corewar

In this project, you will create a Virtual Machine (VM) and an Assembler for a
programming game called Core War. You will learn how to simulate CPU behavior,
manage memory, and execute assembly code. You will also understand process
control, binary file handling, and error management in programming. By
developing the assembler and the VM, you will gain hands-on experience with
low-level programming concepts and the principles of computer architecture. This
project will enhance your skills in problem-solving and systematic debugging,
preparing you for more complex programming challenges.

#### make-your-own

In this project, you will create your own web application from scratch. The goal
is to enhance your programming skills by designing, coding, and deploying a
functional app. You will learn how to plan a project, write code in a
programming language, use frameworks, manage databases, and understand user
interface design. You will also gain experience in testing and troubleshooting,
which are essential for any developer.

#### multiplayer-fps

In this project, you will create your own version of the game "maze wars." You
will learn to develop a graphical user interface, implement client-server
architecture, and ensure smooth performance with a frame rate of at least 50
fps. You will also gain experience with the UDP protocol for communication
between clients and the server. Additionally, you will explore game mechanics
and have the opportunity to add advanced features like a level editor or AI
players. This project will enhance your programming skills and understanding of
game development.

#### 0-shell

In this project, you will create a simple Unix shell, called `0-shell`. The main
goal is to understand the Unix system and the process creation and
synchronization involved in executing commands. You will learn to implement
basic commands like `echo`, `cd`, `ls`, and manage errors without using external
binaries. This experience will deepen your knowledge of operating systems,
command-line interfaces, and shell syntax. You will also practice coding in a
compiled language and develop your skills in error handling and command
validation.

#### job-control

In this project, you will learn about job control in operating systems,
specifically how to manage processes. You will implement commands such as jobs,
bg, fg, and kill using a compiled language like C, Rust, or Go. You will
understand process creation, synchronization, and command syntax. Additionally,
you will practice good coding practices. Overall, you will gain valuable skills
in managing processes effectively in a programming environment.

#### scripting

In this project, you will create a script called `create-dir` within your
`0-shell` interpreter to learn about scripting and command syntax. You will
develop your ability to combine commands in a script by checking for a
directory's existence. You will also enable your interpreter to execute scripts
and handle various structures, such as loops and functions, using a compiled
language. This will enhance your understanding of how shell scripts work and
improve your coding skills.

#### linux

In this project, you will learn to work with the Linux distribution Debian,
which is important for understanding servers and cloud services. You will gain
skills in using VirtualBox to create virtual machines, providing a safe way to
explore Linux without affecting your own system. You will learn to install
Debian and manage a virtual environment, enhancing your programming knowledge.

#### login

In this project, you will learn essential Linux skills by performing login tasks
for both a regular user and the superuser. You will practice changing passwords,
viewing command history, and managing console operations. You will also explore
the relationship between human-readable names and their numerical
representations, like user IDs and process IDs. Understanding these concepts
will enhance your command line proficiency and knowledge of system operations.

#### add-vm

In this project, you will learn how to add a virtual machine (VM) using
VirtualBox or UTM for different chip architectures. You will download specific
VM files, extract them, and set them up in your virtualization software. You
will understand the importance of snapshots as they allow you to save the
current state of a system, making it easier to restore if needed. Finally, you
will verify that the VM is working properly by starting and stopping it.

#### connect

In this project, you will learn about networking concepts including IP
addresses, DHCP, and network configuration. You will work with Virtual Machines
(VMs), specifically configuring a network setup with NAT and identifying
connectivity issues caused by IP address conflicts. You will troubleshoot the
static IP on Machine 1 and configure Machine 2 to use a dynamic IP from the DHCP
server. Conducting ping tests will enhance your understanding of network
performance and packet loss.

#### remote

In this project, you will learn how to set up and connect to a virtual machine
(VM) using SSH, which allows you to execute commands remotely. You will practice
adding port forwarding in VirtualBox or UTM, ensuring you can reach the VM.
Additionally, you will configure the SSH service by changing its default port
from 22 to improve security and update your firewall rules accordingly. This
will enhance your understanding of networking and system administration.

#### scan

In this project, you will learn to scan networks to identify devices and their
services, using the `nmap` tool. You will explore network protocols, focusing on
`ARP`, `IP`, and `TCP`. By scanning a virtual network, you will practice
connecting and discovering the server, enhancing your understanding of network
interactions and security principles.

#### math-skills

In this project, you will build a program that calculates average, median,
variance, and standard deviation from a set of numbers in a file. You will learn
how to read data from a file and perform essential statistical calculations. By
completing this project, you will deepen your understanding of statistics and
improve your programming skills. Your program will be tested against random data
to ensure accuracy and functionality.

#### guess-it-1

In the "guess-it-1" project, you will build a program that calculates the range
for the next number based on given inputs. You will learn how to apply
mathematical skills to estimate ranges, work with standard input, and prioritize
performance. Additionally, you will develop scripting skills through executing
commands and managing files.

#### linear-stats

In this project, you will learn to create a program that calculates and displays
the Linear Regression Line and the Pearson Correlation Coefficient from data
stored in a file. You will practice reading data, performing statistical
calculations, and formatting output. This project will enhance your skills in
programming logic and understanding key statistical concepts important in data
analysis.

#### guess-it-2

In the "guess-it-2" project, you will create a program that predicts a range for
the next input number based on previous numbers. You will apply statistical
knowledge to analyze data and implement a formula to determine these ranges. You
will also enhance your skills in scripting and improve your programming
performance by balancing range sizes and accuracy. This project encourages
problem-solving and reinforces concepts of statistics and data analysis, which
are essential in programming.

#### Piscine AI

In the Piscine AI, you will gain essential skills in data analysis and machine
learning. You will learn to manipulate and analyze data using NumPy and Pandas,
create visualizations with Matplotlib and Plotly, and perform data wrangling
techniques. You will explore time-series analysis, stock strategy backtesting,
and implement linear regression and classification models. You will also learn
to streamline processes with Scikit-learn's Pipeline, train and evaluate models,
and select the best machine learning algorithms. The curriculum includes
hands-on experience with neural networks using Keras and advanced NLP techniques
with spaCy, preparing you for real-world applications in data science and
machine learning.

#### kaggle-titanic

In the Kaggle Titanic project, you will learn to build a predictive model to
determine who survived the Titanic disaster. You will analyze passenger data
such as age, gender, and socio-economic class to find patterns in survival. You
will experience feature engineering, data visualization, and model validation
while aiming for at least 78.9% accuracy on the leaderboard. Most importantly,
you will gain practical insights into data science and machine learning concepts
by participating in a real-world competition.

#### nlp-scraper

In this NLP Scraper project, you will build a news intelligence platform that
analyzes articles to detect entities, topics, sentiment, and potential scandals.
You will learn to set up a Python environment, implement text preprocessing
techniques, build a bag-of-words model, and analyze tweet frequency. You will
also practice using libraries like SpaCy and NLTK for named entity recognition
and sentiment analysis, and work on storing and analyzing news data effectively.
This project enhances your skills in web scraping, data processing, and applying
NLP techniques in real-world applications.

#### emotions-detector

In this project, you will build an emotion detection system using computer
vision techniques. You will learn to handle images in Python, detect faces, and
train a Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) for emotion classification. Your
tasks include implementing CNNs, preprocessing video streams, and classifying
emotions from real-time webcam input. By the end, you will understand emotion
analysis in AI and develop skills in image processing, machine learning, and
neural networks.

#### sp500-strategies

In this project, you will learn to use machine learning to create a financial
strategy aimed at outperforming the S&P 500 Index. You will gain skills in data
processing, feature engineering, training machine learning models, and
conducting backtests. You will also explore cross-validation methods, analyze
model performance through metrics, and generate insights into your financial
strategy's effectiveness. This project combines finance and technology,
providing you with practical experience in quantitative analysis and machine
learning application in finance.

#### credit-scoring

In this credit scoring project, you will learn to build a machine learning model
that predicts the probability of loan default. You will perform exploratory data
analysis, develop feature engineering techniques, and ensure your model is
interpretable. You will also work on visualizing model results and understanding
local and global interpretability. Additionally, you will create a report that
details your methodology, including training and evaluation strategies to
prevent overfitting. This project emphasizes transparency in your scoring model,
which is essential in today's regulated financial environment.

#### Piscine Blockchain

In the Piscine Blockchain, you will learn how to set up Bitcoin and Ethereum
nodes, create wallets, and practice transactions using JavaScript and Node.js.
You will explore cryptography through hashing functions and build smart
contracts with Solidity to manage various applications like ticket sales and
NFTs. You will acquire essential web development skills to connect with Ethereum
nodes and create decentralized applications. By developing a stablecoin and a
lending platform, you will understand Decentralized Finance (DeFi) while gaining
hands-on experience with private blockchains and Hyperledger Fabric. This
program will significantly enhance your blockchain programming and development
skills.

#### nft-marketplace

In this project, you will create an NFT marketplace focusing on a specific genre
of NFTs. You will learn how to build a website using web technologies, set up a
server with a database, and integrate wallet connections. You will implement NFT
listings, allow users to submit NFTs, and facilitate buying and selling.
Understanding blockchain standards like ERC721 will be key. Ultimately, you will
gain practical experience in web development and blockchain technology while
building a functional platform.

#### payment-channel

In this project, you will learn to implement a tool called Thunder that creates
and manages payment channels on a local Ethereum testnet. You will develop two
executables: thunderd, which communicates with nodes and the blockchain, and
thunder-cli, a command line interface for channel operations. You will also work
with smart contracts, handling states, and transactions. This project will help
you understand payment channels, state management, and basic Ethereum concepts,
enhancing your programming and blockchain skills.

#### node-dashboard

In this project, you will create a network dashboard and benchmarking tool,
`benchy`, for Ethereum networks. You will learn to deploy a private Ethereum
network with five nodes, use different clients and a clique consensus mechanism.
You will monitor node performance and display critical data, simulate
transactions, and analyze network scenarios. You will also explore error
handling by stopping nodes temporarily. Optional features will enhance your
understanding of continuous command execution and connecting to a testnet,
improving your overall programming and networking skills.

#### financial-instruments

In this project, you will build an international settlement platform using
blockchain technology. You will represent financial instruments like
stablecoins, shares, and bonds on a private blockchain. You will learn to create
a marketplace for users to buy and sell these assets while integrating smart
contracts. You will also develop a web interface and an API, ensuring proper
documentation for deployment and functioning. Through this project, you will
gain practical experience in blockchain, smart contracts, web development, and
API design.

#### Piscine Flutter

In the Flutter Piscine, you will learn to create mobile apps using Dart and
Flutter, developing essential skills such as object-oriented programming, state
management, and API integration. You will build projects like a quiz app, movie
list, and secure note-taking application, enabling you to manage user inputs,
handle data, and design user interfaces. You will also explore advanced topics
like the BLoC pattern and Google Maps API, enhancing your programming skills and
understanding of app development.

#### twenty-forty-eight

In this project, you will create the game "2048" before its official release.
You will learn to build a 4x4 grid with movable tiles, implement game logic for
merging tiles, and manage scoring. You will enhance your programming skills by
working with animations, user interfaces, and responsive design. Additionally,
you will practice best coding practices and documentation, while exploring bonus
features like sound effects and difficulty levels. This project will deepen your
understanding of game development and improve your coding abilities.

#### sky-map

In this project, you will create a mobile sky map application that displays
celestial objects based on the user's location and device orientation. You will
learn how to utilize sensors like GPS and accelerometers, implement real-time
updates, and manage app states using either the BLoC or Provider pattern.
Additionally, you will work with APIs to fetch celestial information and enhance
user experience with a visually appealing interface.

#### chess

In this project, you will create a mobile chess app that allows users to play
against each other in real-time. You will learn how to design user interfaces,
validate chess moves, and implement multiplayer functionality. By developing the
app, you will gain experience in fullstack development, backend integration, and
game logic processing. You will also explore notification systems to enhance
user experience and manage game states effectively.

#### kaquiz

In this project, you will develop a mobile app called kaquiz, designed for users
to connect with friends and track their locations. You will learn how to
implement user authentication, create a friend search feature, manage friend
requests, and display friends' locations on a map. You will gain hands-on
experience with both the frontend and backend, integrating location tracking
technology while ensuring real-time updates. This project will enhance your
skills in full-stack development and foster a deeper understanding of mobile app
functionalities.

#### stock-market

In this project, you will develop a real-time stock market app. You will learn
how to fetch and display data in real-time, create user authentication, and
manage user accounts. You will implement functionalities for trading stocks,
viewing historical data, and using charts to analyze stock performance. You will
also practice state management using patterns like BLoC or MVC. Overall, this
project will enhance your skills in web development, user experience, and data
visualization.

#### secure-messenger

In this project, you will build a secure messaging app using Flutter and
Firebase. The goal is to create a platform that ensures user privacy and
security with features like biometric authentication, end-to-end encryption, and
message management. You will learn to implement user authentication, profile
creation, messaging capabilities, and essential security measures. Additionally,
you will gain skills in handling notifications, error management, and enhancing
user experience. This project will strengthen your understanding of mobile app
development while emphasizing security in digital communication.

#### passive (Deprecated)

In this project, you will learn how to create a passive reconnaissance tool
using open-source intelligence methods. You will focus on gathering information
about a person through their full name, IP address, and username. You will
develop skills in programming by implementing functions to recognize and
retrieve useful data, such as contact details and online presence. Your
application will save results in text files, enhancing your understanding of
data storage. Remember to follow guidelines about ethical use and permission
while conducting your research.

#### inspector-image (Deprecated)

In this project, you will learn about passive analysis, image recognition, and
steganography by revealing hidden information in images. You will write a Python
program to extract a PGP key and geographical location from an image. You can
enhance your project with additional features like advanced steganography
methods, a graphical user interface, or facial recognition, which will deepen
your understanding of these concepts.

#### active (Deprecated)

In this project, you will create a simple port scanner called "tinyscanner" to
identify if specific network ports are open or closed. You will learn how to
write a program from scratch, handle command-line options, and effectively scan
both UDP and TCP ports. Additionally, you will gain insights into services
associated with open ports, enhancing your networking knowledge. This hands-on
project fosters practical skills in programming, problem-solving, and
understanding network security. You will submit your source code and a README
file detailing how to use your program. Remember to follow ethical guidelines in
your work.

#### local (Deprecated)

In this project, you will learn about privilege escalation by working with a
virtual machine. Your goal is to find a way to gain root access without visible
IP and without modifying GRUB settings. You will practice problem-solving and
research skills to uncover vulnerabilities. You must document your steps in a
README.md file for submission.

#### web-hack (Deprecated)

In this project, you will learn how to deploy a web platform and identify at
least three security vulnerabilities. You will also develop a PHP shell that can
add files, delete files, and execute commands. This will enhance your
understanding of web security and how to defend against vulnerabilities. You
will document your findings in a README.md file, detailing your approach and
solutions. Remember to act ethically and respect legal boundaries in your
learning process.

#### injector (Deprecated)

In this project, you will learn how to examine binary headers and develop a
program that merges two applications into one. You will work with different
operating systems and architectures, gaining insights into file formats like
Mach-O and Portable Executable. This hands-on experience will enhance your
understanding of program structure and security vulnerabilities related to
binary files, preparing you for real-world challenges in software development.

#### mal-track (Deprecated)

In this project, you will learn how a computer virus operates in a Windows
environment and methods to remove it. You will create a program to eliminate
malware, prevent it from restarting, and display the attacker's IP address. You
will gain skills in programming, malware analysis, and cybersecurity best
practices while working in a virtual machine setup.

#### evasion (Deprecated)

In this project, you will learn how hackers evade antivirus detection and gain a
deeper understanding of antivirus functionality. You will develop a Windows
program that encrypts an executable, manipulates its size, and introduces a
time-based check before execution. This will enhance your programming skills and
knowledge of security mechanisms, as well as ethical hacking practices. You will
also learn to document your work effectively with a README file. Remember to
only use this knowledge ethically and legally.

#### obfuscator (Deprecated)

In this project, you will learn about polymorphic encryption and how it is used
by malware developers to change program signatures. You will develop a
self-modifying program that acts as a simple SSH reverse shell, enhancing your
skills in programming, system architecture, and security concepts. You will also
gain knowledge about ethical considerations while using these techniques. You
will submit your source code and a README file to explain the usage of your
program, ensuring clarity and organization in your project.

#### malware (Deprecated)

In this project, you will develop a ransomware program to understand how it
works. You will learn about file encryption, creating unique encryption and
decryption codes, and ensuring stealth from security software. This project
emphasizes responsible programming, as it showcases how to defend against such
threats. You will use a virtual machine and select your programming language
while ensuring your work remains undetected by security tools. The knowledge
gained will enhance your awareness of cybersecurity risks and protections.

#### pentest-kit

Penetration testing (Pentesting) is a critical process in cybersecurity, involving the use of specialized tools to identify and exploit vulnerabilities in systems and networks. Pentest tools are essential for conducting thorough security assessments, helping to safeguard against potential threats.

#### osint-master

Open-source intelligence (OSINT) is a key component of cybersecurity, providing valuable insights into potential vulnerabilities and security risks. This project involves creating a tool that performs comprehensive passive reconnaissance using publicly available data.

#### image-inspector

Images can contain more than just visual information, they often carry hidden data such as metadata or even concealed messages through techniques like steganography. This project is designed to help you explore and analyze these hidden aspects of images.

#### defuse

Malware analysis is a critical skill in cybersecurity, enabling analysts to understand and counteract malicious software. In this project, you will explore and neutralize a Windows-based malware sample in a controlled environment. The goal is to analyze the malware's behavior, develop a program to eradicate it and gather key details, including the attacker's IP address.

#### escalator

Privilege escalation is a fundamental concept in cybersecurity, allowing attackers to elevate their privileges on a system to gain higher levels of access. In this project, you will explore and understand privilege escalation techniques using a virtual machine (VM) designed for this challenge. The goal is to gain root access to the system and retrieve a hidden flag.

#### hole-in-bin

Hole-In-Bin is a comprehensive learning platform designed to teach participants the fundamentals of reverse engineering and binary exploitation. By analyzing and exploiting vulnerabilities in binaries, you will strengthen your understanding of low-level system mechanics and learn essential techniques for identifying and mitigating security risks.

#### vuln-hunter

OWASP Juice Shop is an intentionally vulnerable web application used for security training, awareness, and ethical hacking practice. It covers many web vulnerabilities from the OWASP Top 10 security risks. In this project, you will explore common web vulnerabilities by identifying, exploiting, and documenting them in a safe and controlled environment.

#### hidden-bytes

HiddenBytes challenges you to explore advanced concepts in binary manipulation, obfuscation, and stealth techniques. You will develop two interrelated programs: one that encrypts and modifies binaries while bypassing detection mechanisms and another that generates polymorphic binaries capable of maintaining functionality while dynamically changing their structure.
This project will provide insight into how attackers use advanced techniques to evade detection and ensure persistent execution while adhering to ethical and legal guidelines.

#### merge

Executable files play a vital role in software development and system operations. By analyzing binary headers and modifying executable behavior, we can gain a deeper understanding of how operating systems handle executables. In this project, you will develop a binder, a tool that merges two executable programs into one, providing insight into executable file structures and entry points.

#### ransomware-lab

To effectively defend against ransomware attacks, it’s essential to understand their mechanics. This project challenges you to think like a black hat and develop a controlled ransomware simulation. By creating both encryption and decryption programs, you’ll gain insight into how ransomware like WannaCry operates.

#### firing-range

In this project, you will learn to use Unreal Engine and Blueprints to create a
basic FPS firing range. You will design a map with specified dimensions,
implement a target Blueprint Class, and enable it to respond dynamically to
player actions. Key learnings include creating and manipulating objects,
utilizing timelines, and managing game mechanics such as projectile behavior and
target interactions. You will also explore customization options for enhancing
gameplay. Upon completion, your project will mirror the expected results in the
provided examples.

#### widget-factory

In the Widget Factory project, you will learn to use widgets in a game to create
a pause menu and graphics settings menu. You will develop player movement and
mouse controls while implementing various buttons for game interactions. Key
skills include creating dynamic interfaces, managing game states, and allowing
players to adjust graphics settings. You will also work on displaying player
coordinates in real-time. This project will enhance your understanding of user
interfaces and game design in Unreal Engine.

#### army-of-one

In the ArmyOfOne project, you will learn to create complex character movement
using Animation Blueprint techniques in Unreal Engine. You will implement player
controls for movement, jumping, and attacking, while also making the character's
head and body respond to mouse movement. You will explore animation blending,
separating body movements, and managing animation states. This project will
enhance your understanding of character animation and interactive gameplay.

#### vehicle-physics

In this project, you will learn to create realistic vehicle gameplay using
blueprints in Unreal Engine. You will design a parent blueprint named BaseCar
for three different car models, enabling functionalities like entering/exiting
vehicles, realistic driving mechanics, and dynamic light behavior. You will also
use PhysicMaterials for terrain effects, implement camera views, and build a map
with roads. The bonus challenges include adding particle effects, character
animations, and additional vehicle controls. This project will enhance your
understanding of blueprint systems and vehicle physics in game development.

#### zombie-ai

In the ZombieAI project, you will create a zombie game featuring a wave system.
You will learn to implement game mechanics like player health, enemy spawning,
animations, and a user interface. You will also manage sound effects,
interactions, and recovery systems. This project enhances your programming
skills in Unreal Engine and game design.

#### nascar-online-alpha

In the NascarOnlineAlpha project, you will create a multiplayer online racing
game using an existing vehicle game. You will learn to analyze and adapt code,
implement a main menu for hosting and joining sessions, manage player
interactions, and display race outcomes. This project emphasizes understanding
multiplayer functionality, utilizing server authority, and effective game state
management while enhancing your programming skills in game development.
Completing this project will deepen your knowledge of game design and improve
your coding abilities for real-time applications.

#### mouse-vr

In the MouseVR project, you will learn to create an interactive game that uses
your mouse to simulate head movement in a VR environment. You will explore
object interaction, blueprint interfaces, and 360-degree texturing. Your main
tasks include capturing scenes, designing interaction points, and implementing
smooth teleportation. Additionally, you will gain experience developing a user
interface and using specific Unreal Engine features like SphereTraceByChannel
nodes. By completing this project, you will enhance your programming skills and
understanding of game design in virtual reality.

#### the-pages

In this project, you will create a mini-horror game inspired by "Slender: The
Eight Pages." You will learn to design a nighttime forest map, implement
gameplay mechanics such as collecting pages and managing a monster's behavior,
and handle user input for actions like toggling a flashlight. You will also use
Unreal Engine tools for terrain, sound effects, and character movement,
enhancing your game development skills. Ultimately, you will gain experience in
creating engaging gameplay and improving your programming abilities.

#### stealth-boom

In this project, you will create a stealth game using Unreal Engine. You will
learn to implement gameplay mechanics like AI behavior, player animations, and
gun mechanics. Balancing these elements is key for smooth gameplay.
Additionally, you will design features like menus, health systems, and missions,
enhancing your programming and game development skills.

#### jumpo

In this project, you will create a 2D sidescroller game for Android using Unreal
Engine and the Android SDK. You will learn to design a game map with obstacles,
implement character controls for actions like jumping and ducking, and create
sprite animations. You will develop a main menu with features such as stats,
leaderboards, and character unlocks. You will gain skills in game development,
mobile application creation, and using external SDKs. Ultimately, you will
compile your game into an .apk file for Android devices, enhancing your
programming and design abilities.

#### piscine-ux

In the piscine-ux, you will learn essential skills in user research, design
empathy, and prototyping through various projects. You will improve your ability
to conduct interviews, analyze user needs, create personas, and develop
solutions. You will enhance teamwork, usability testing, and project management
skills, all focused on user-centered design.

#### piscine-ui

In the piscine-ui program, you will develop essential UI/UX design skills
through five projects. You will learn color extraction and moodboard creation
with Figma, understand Atomic Design principles, and document key design
concepts like grid systems and accessibility. You will also design an e-commerce
app, focusing on style, user flows, and testing. Finally, you will act as a UX
auditor, identifying usability issues and providing recommendations for
improvement. Each project enhances your practical skills and prepares you for
real-world design challenges.

#### a-table

In this project, you will learn how to design a food delivery app by creating
user journeys for restaurant owners, clients, delivery men, and their managers.
You will gather user insights, identify problems, and develop prototypes through
two phases. This experience will enhance your skills in UX/UI design, project
management, and effective communication. You will also practice testing
prototypes with real users, presenting your work professionally, and using
feedback to improve your designs.

#### get-a-room

In this project, you will create a room booking service for "Coworking Square"
in Amsterdam. You will learn to conduct user research, define problems, and
create prototypes through a structured design process. You will improve your UX
and UI skills by testing designs with real users, gathering feedback, and
presenting your findings.

#### lets-do-some-sports

In this project, you will create a sports app that tracks Yara's running data on
mobile and Apple Watch. You will learn to conduct user research, define
problems, and develop UX/UI strategies. You will create and test prototypes,
gather feedback, and present your findings to an audience while honing your
presentation skills.

#### lets-fair-trade

In this project, you will create an ecommerce platform for second-hand clothing
that prioritizes user experience and environmental impact. You will learn about
the UX/UI design process, including empathy, defining problems, ideation, and
prototyping. You will conduct user research and usability tests, work in a team,
and present your findings and prototypes to an audience. You will gain skills in
collaboration, communication, and designing for sustainability.

#### deep-in-net

In this project, you will learn essential networking concepts using Cisco Packet
Tracer across eight exercises. You will explore networking devices, understand
important services and protocols, and master the OSI model. You will also gain
hands-on experience with Linux commands for network configuration and
troubleshooting. By completing this project, you will acquire skills crucial for
Cloud and DevOps engineering, including DHCP, DNS, and routing concepts, while
documenting your journey in a README.md file.

#### deep-in-system

In this project, you will learn to administer a Linux server by setting up
Ubuntu, configuring security and network settings, and installing popular
services like FTP and MySQL. You will gain hands-on experience with user
management and backup solutions, enhancing your skills in scripting and Linux
administration. The project emphasizes understanding commands, implementing
security measures, and documenting your learning process thoroughly in a README
file. This will prepare you for real-world system administration tasks.

#### crud-master

In this project, you will build a movie streaming platform using two
microservices: an inventory API for managing movies and a billing API for
processing payments. You will learn to set up and configure Flask with
PostgreSQL, use RabbitMQ for messaging, and create a clear API gateway for
communication. You will also gain skills in testing APIs, managing virtual
machines with Vagrant, and documenting your work using OpenAPI. This project
provides a strong foundation in developing and deploying microservices in a
modular manner.

#### play-with-containers

In this project, you will learn about container concepts and tools by building a
microservices architecture using Docker and Docker Compose. You will create
Dockerfiles for each service, manage containers, networks, and volumes, and
ensure data persistence. You will gain practical skills in packaging software,
configuring applications, and using Docker Compose for multi-container
environments. By completing this project, you will strengthen your understanding
of cloud and DevOps practices and be better prepared for future projects.

#### orchestrator

In this project, you will deploy a microservices architecture using Kubernetes,
focusing on components like deployments, services, and API gateways. You will
learn containerization, continuous integration, and infrastructure as code
principles through hands-on experience. By creating a K3s cluster, managing
resources, and implementing secrets and scaling, you will solidify your
understanding of microservices and DevOps practices while enhancing your skills
for future projects. Completing this project will prepare you for a career in
DevOps and provide a foundation for more advanced Kubernetes topics.

#### cloud-design

In this project, you will learn to deploy and manage a microservices application
on AWS. You will set up an AWS environment, implement security measures, and
optimize for scalability and cost. You will use Terraform for Infrastructure as
Code and Docker for containerization. You will also gain experience in
monitoring and logging tools, along with the opportunity to present your
solution in a role play session, enhancing your communication and critical
thinking skills.

#### code-keeper

In the Code-Keeper project, you will build a complete pipeline for a
microservices-based application, focusing on continuous integration, continuous
deployment, and security. You will learn to set up source control, create CI/CD
pipelines, deploy applications using Docker and Terraform, and ensure security
throughout the process. You will also gain hands-on experience with GitLab,
Ansible, and cloud platforms while preparing for a role play session to present
your solutions, enhancing your communication skills and critical thinking.

#### Piscine Java

In the Java piscine, you will learn to set up a Java environment and write
programs. You will explore basic programming concepts, object-oriented
programming, data structures, error handling, and design patterns. You will
practice functions, arrays, graphics, and create applications like animations
and traffic simulations, establishing a solid foundation in Java.

#### lets-play

In this project, you will develop a basic CRUD API using Spring Boot and
MongoDB, following RESTful principles. You will design a user and product
management system, implement token-based authentication, and ensure security
measures are in place. You will learn to handle errors properly, validate
inputs, and manage user roles effectively. The project will enhance your skills
in API development, database design, and security practices, preparing you for
real-world applications.

#### angul-it

In this project, you will build a multi-stage captcha web application using
Angular. You will learn to set up an Angular environment, create and manage
components, and design captcha challenges that include robust form validation.
You will implement state management to track user progress and ensure data is
retained after page refreshes. You will redirect users to a results page only
after completing all challenges. Bonus tasks will enhance your skills in
diversity, animations, responsiveness, and unit testing. This project will
strengthen your understanding of Angular and improve your web application
development abilities.

#### buy-01

In this project, you will learn to develop a complete e-commerce platform using
Spring Boot and Angular. You will understand how to set up a microservices
architecture, implement user registration and authentication, and create APIs
for product management. You will also master file uploads, media management, and
role-based access control to ensure security. Through this process, you will
gain practical experience in database design, front-end development, error
handling, and testing functionalities. This project will enhance your skills in
modern web development and prepare you for real-world applications.

#### mr-jenk

In this project, you will learn to set up a Continuous Integration and
Continuous Deployment (CI/CD) pipeline using Jenkins for your e-commerce
microservices project. You will configure Jenkins, automate code fetching, and
create build triggers for each new commit. You will integrate automated tests to
ensure quality and implement deployment strategies to smoothly transition new
versions. You will also set up notifications for build status updates.
Additionally, you may explore advanced features like parameterized builds and
distributed builds for efficiency. This project enhances your understanding of
modern development practices.

#### safe-zone

In the SafeZone project, you will learn to improve code quality and security for
your e-commerce microservices by using SonarQube. You will set up SonarQube with
Docker, configure it for your project, and integrate it with your GitHub
repository. You will automate code analysis in your CI/CD pipeline, monitor code
quality continuously, and implement a review process. This project teaches you
how to manage code quality effectively and ensures that security issues are
detected early.

#### buy-02

In this project, you will finish building an e-commerce platform by adding key
features like a shopping cart, user profiles, and search options. You will learn
about database design, collaborative development, API enhancements, and
front-end design. You will apply best practices in coding, use tools like
SonarQube for quality, and ensure security. You will focus on delivering a
user-friendly interface while gaining hands-on experience in complete software
development.

#### nexus

In this project, you will learn to set up and manage a Nexus Repository Manager
as a central place for software artifacts. You will configure repositories,
publish web application artifacts, manage dependencies, and implement
versioning. You will also integrate Docker, establish continuous integration,
and explore security features. This hands-on experience will deepen your
understanding of artifact management, version control, and best practices in
software deployment.

#### neo4flix

In the Neo4flix project, you will create a movie recommendation engine using
Neo4j, Spring Boot, Angular, microservices, and Docker. You will learn data
modeling for representing entities and relationships, develop microservices for
managing movie data, users, and ratings, build a user-friendly frontend, deploy
your services in Docker for scalability, implement security measures for user
data protection, and conduct testing to ensure functionality, usability, and
security of your application. This project will enhance your skills in
full-stack development, database design, and secure application architecture.

#### travel-plan

In this project, you will create a scalable Travel Management System with a
powerful Admin Dashboard. You will learn to configure a microservices
architecture, set up PostgreSQL and Neo4j databases, and implement CI/CD using
Jenkins. You will design a user-friendly Admin Dashboard, develop authentication
services, and ensure database security. Additionally, you will adopt coding best
practices, including code reviews and logging systems, while utilizing Docker
and Ansible for deployment. The project emphasizes automation, security, and
collaboration, preparing you for advanced features and real-world development
scenarios.

#### lets-travel

In the "Let's Travel" project, you will enhance a Travel Management System by
adding features for Admins, Travel Managers, and Travelers. You will learn to
develop role-specific functionalities, ensuring secure transactions and
personalized recommendations. Additionally, you will design a responsive UI,
implement testing practices, and prioritize security measures. This project will
also allow you to explore bonus features like Progressive Web Apps and
multilingual support to improve user engagement and system value.
