## io-args

### Overview

You will learn several important skills by completing the quests:

- **DoOp**: You will understand how to create functions, process arrays, use
  conditional statements, and perform basic arithmetic operations in Java.

- **SortArgs**: You will practice sorting algorithms, manage array handling, and
  format output effectively in Java.

- **Cat**: You will gain knowledge in file handling, reading contents from
  files, and working with command-line arguments.

- **CatInFile**: You will learn how to manage input from users, write data to
  files, and handle input processing in Java.

- **Capitalize**: You will enhance your skills in file input/output, manipulate
  strings, and learn to use command-line arguments effectively.

- **FileManager**: You will practice creating, reading, and deleting files,
  improving your understanding of file management in Java.

- **FileSearch**: You will learn about recursion and advanced file handling by
  searching for files in nested directories.

These exercises will greatly improve your Java programming skills.

### Content

#### DoOp

The goal of this exercise is to create a Java function that takes an array of
strings as input, processes arithmetic operations based on the provided operands
and operator, and returns the result as a string. You will practice handling
command-line arguments, conditional statements, and string manipulation. This
will enhance your understanding of function creation and basic arithmetic in
Java.

#### SortArgs

The goal of this exercise is to create a Java program that sorts an array of
numbers provided as strings and prints the sorted numbers to the standard
output, separated by spaces and followed by a new line. You will practice
sorting algorithms, array handling, and output formatting.

#### Cat

The goal of this exercise is to create a Java function named `cat` that reads a
specified file's content and displays it in the standard output. You will handle
any potential binary data, ensuring efficient reading of the file. This will
help you understand file handling, input/output in Java, and how to work with
command-line arguments.

#### CatInFile

The goal of this exercise is to create a Java program that reads input from the
user and writes it to a specified file. You will implement a function named
`cat` that handles both standard input and file output. This exercise will help
you understand file handling and input processing in Java. You will also learn
how to work with command-line arguments.

#### Capitalize

The goal of this exercise is to create a Java program that reads text from one
file, capitalizes all the letters, and then writes the modified text to another
file. You will learn how to handle file input and output, use command-line
arguments, and manipulate strings in Java. This will enhance your coding skills
and understanding of file operations.

#### FileManager

The goal of this exercise is to create a simple file management system in Java.
You will build a `FileManager` class with three main functions: `createFile` to
make a new file with given content, `getContentFile` to read and return the
content of a specified file, and `deleteFile` to remove a file. This will help
you practice file handling in Java.

#### FileSearch

The goal of this exercise is to create a Java program that searches for a
specific file starting from a folder named "documents." You will write the
`searchFile` function to look through nested subfolders and return the path of
the specified file. This will help you understand file handling and recursion in
Java.
