## Piscine Blockchain

### Overview

- You will set up a local Bitcoin node and create a wallet, learning to mine
  blocks and send Bitcoin transactions using JavaScript.

- You will explore key concepts in cryptography, create functions for hashing,
  and build a simple cryptocurrency wallet to deepen your understanding of
  digital signatures and secure transactions.

- You will learn to create smart contracts in Solidity, managing artist
  registrations and ticket sales, which will strengthen your skills in Ethereum
  transactions.

- You will set up a local Ethereum node, simulate a blockchain environment, and
  write scripts for Ether transactions, enhancing your blockchain knowledge.

- You will create web pages with HTML and JavaScript, connect to Ethereum nodes,
  and manage wallets to develop real-world blockchain applications.

- You will build a web service for uploading and signing document hashes,
  gaining experience in decentralized applications.

- You will create and manage basic tokens, learning about token sales and
  transfers.

- You will develop Non-Fungible Tokens (NFTs) and a web interface for
  interaction, enhancing your blockchain programming skills.

- You will create a stablecoin and a lending platform, focusing on security and
  testing in DeFi projects.

- You will explore creating a private blockchain network, managing blockchain
  data, and developing a wallet for a deeper understanding of technology.

- You will track parcels using Hyperledger Fabric, learning to create secure
  channels and manage transactions.

### Content

#### transactions

You will set up a local Bitcoin node and create a wallet to practice
transactions on the regtest network. You will learn how to mine blocks, send
Bitcoin, and save transaction IDs using JavaScript. You will also retrieve block
dates and transaction values with Node.js, expand your knowledge of APIs, and
execute peer-to-peer Bitcoin and Ethereum transactions on testnets. Lastly, you
will grasp the details of input and output values in Bitcoin transactions,
enhancing your understanding of blockchain technology and programming skills.

#### crypto

In this quest, you will learn about important concepts in cryptography and
blockchain. You will create an `increment` function to work with hexadecimal
numbers, develop a `hashFile` function to compute SHA-256 hashes, and implement
`hash160` to understand hash functions. You will explore brute force attacks
with the `semiBrute` function, practice elliptic curve cryptography with a
`signer` function, generate cryptographic keys using `generateAddress`, and
ultimately build a simple cryptocurrency wallet. This experience will enhance
your understanding of file handling, digital signatures, key generation, and
secure transaction creation in programming.

#### festival-smart-contract

In this quest, you will learn to create various smart contracts using Solidity,
starting with the `NamedFestival` to grasp basic contract structures. You will
explore constructors, manage arrays for artist registrations, implement access
control for organizers, handle ticket sales and ownership, and ensure fair
artist compensation. This experience will deepen your understanding of Ethereum
transactions and enhance your skills in smart contract development, preparing
you for future projects.

#### anchoring

In this quest, you will learn to set up a local Ethereum node and simulate a
blockchain environment, use Node.js to create scripts that interact with the
Ethereum network, and understand Ether transactions. You will also learn to
generate SHA-256 hashes, verify transactions, write smart contracts in Solidity,
and implement events for better contract interaction. These skills will deepen
your understanding of blockchain technology and programming.

#### connect-interface

In the "connect-interface" quest, you will learn essential web development
skills by creating web pages using HTML and JavaScript. You will connect to
local Ethereum nodes and use libraries like `ethers.js` or `web3.js` to interact
with the Ethereum network. You will generate and manage wallets, display
balances, and send transactions. Additionally, you will gain experience
connecting web pages to MetaMask for user account interactions, enhancing your
ability to develop real-world blockchain applications.

#### sign-service

In this activity, you will create a web service for uploading, signing, and
storing document hashes on the blockchain. You will learn to build a user
interface with wallet connection, implement offline signing, publish transaction
data, and verify document existence. You will gain experience in web
development, blockchain interaction, and project structuring, which enhances
your skills in creating decentralized applications.

#### simple-tokens

By completing the simple-tokens quest, you will learn to create and manage basic
tokens using smart contracts. You will understand token creation, implement
functions for transfers and approvals, and design a token sale contract with
fixed pricing. Additionally, you will develop a swap contract for token
exchanges, handle event logging in Solidity for transfers, and use JavaScript to
fetch user transfer history from the blockchain. This experience will enhance
your skills in blockchain programming and smart contract development.

#### non-fungible-cats

In this project, you will learn to create Non-Fungible Tokens (NFTs) using smart
contracts. You will build a basic NFT smart contract and extend it to create a
collection called "Napping Cats." You will implement functions to manage
ownership, transfer, buy, and sell tokens, enhancing your skills in blockchain
programming. Additionally, you will develop a web interface to display the NFT
collection and allow interactions. This project will deepen your understanding
of NFTs, smart contracts, and web integration.

#### decentralized-finance

In this Decentralized Finance project, you will learn to create a stablecoin
using the ERC20 standard, develop a decentralized lending platform, and
implement comprehensive testing. You will gain practical skills in smart
contracts by integrating oracles for price feeds, ensuring collateralization,
and allowing for liquidation processes. This project enhances your understanding
of DeFi concepts and emphasizes the importance of testing for security.

#### exploring-blockchains

In this project, you will explore blockchains by creating a private network with
Besu, using the QBFT consensus algorithm, and a command line wallet named
`clillet` for a blockchain of your choice. You will learn how to set up a
multi-node private network, manage blockchain data, and develop a wallet with
key functionalities for interacting with a blockchain. This experience will
deepen your understanding of blockchain technology and enhance your programming
skills.

#### tracking-network

In this activity, you will build a network to track postal parcels using
Hyperledger Fabric. You will learn to create channels for secure communication,
deploy smart contracts as chaincode, and manage assets and transactions related
to parcels. You will also set up users who can create and modify parcels, track
their status, and manage distribution events. Finally, you will provide a
command-line interface and documentation for deploying the network. This will
enhance your understanding of blockchain technology and smart contracts.
