## Piscine Flutter

### Overview

You will learn many important skills from these projects:

- **Dart Intro:** You will understand how to create Dart programs and work with
  variables, lists, sets, maps, and functions. You will grasp concepts of
  object-oriented programming like classes and inheritance.

- **BizzCard:** You will build your first Flutter app, use widgets, and learn
  about app structure and running apps on devices.

- **Quizz App:** You will learn to manage state, navigate between screens, and
  design user interfaces while handling user inputs.

- **Movie List:** You will work with JSON files, create a movie app with search
  functionality, and manage data efficiently.

- **Hacker News:** You will create a client app, learn to use APIs, manage
  sessions, and design interactive user interfaces.

- **Favorite Images:** You will build an image gallery app, enabling users to
  upload and manage images effectively.

- **Bouncer:** You will create a bouncing ball game using mobile hardware,
  focusing on user input and game mechanics.

- **Map Markers:** You will use Google Maps API to save and display places,
  handle user data and permissions.

- **Secure Notes:** You will create a secure note-taking app, focusing on
  authentication, data management, and localization.

- **Package:** You will learn to create a Flutter package for notes, managing
  and sharing code efficiently.

- **BLoC Counter:** You will grasp the BLoC pattern for state management in
  Flutter, enhancing the maintainability of your apps.

### Content

#### dart-intro

In the Dart introduction quest, you will learn to create a simple Dart program,
manage variables and different data structures like `List`, `Set`, and `Map`.
You will practice defining functions with required and optional parameters,
implement condition checking, and understand object-oriented programming
concepts such as classes, encapsulation, and inheritance. This foundational
knowledge will prepare you for more advanced Dart and Flutter development.

#### bizz-card

In the BizzCard project, you will build a simple app using Flutter that displays
your personal information on a card. You will learn to apply Flutter widgets,
understand the basic structure of a Flutter app, and run the app on devices or
emulators. This project will enhance your skills in app design, data display,
and user interface creation.

#### quizz-app

In this project, you will create a quiz app using Flutter that allows users to
answer true or false questions in various categories. You will learn to manage
state with stateful widgets, implement routing for navigation, and organize data
using models like Question and Category. You will also practice UI design by
creating a grid of categories, displaying questions, and handling user input to
show scores. This will enhance your skills in Flutter and improve your
understanding of app development.

#### movie-list

In this project, you will learn to develop a movie listing app using `JSON`
files. You will create a `ListView` to display top-rated movies, including the
ability to search by movie name. You will implement navigation to detailed movie
pages, manage data loading with `FutureBuilder`, and apply JSON serialization.
This project enhances your skills in app structure, user interface, and
efficient data handling.

#### hacker-news

In this activity, you will learn how to create a client application using the
HackerNewsAPI. You will implement user authentication, fetch and display posts,
and enable voting and commenting. You will also learn to manage user sessions,
display post details such as creator and submission time, and navigate using a
WebView. This task will enhance your skills in working with APIs, managing
state, and creating user interfaces.

#### favorite-images

In the "Favorite Images" project, you will learn how to create a mobile app that
allows users to manage their personal image gallery. You will use the
image_picker package to enable users to upload photos from their library or take
new ones. Key learnings include building UI components like an appbar and
GridList, implementing image viewing and zoom functionalities, and optional
features like image editing and cloud storage for enhanced user experience. This
project will strengthen your skills in mobile app development and image
management.

#### bouncer

In the Bouncer project, you will learn to use mobile hardware, specifically the
accelerometer, to create a game. You will develop a simple bouncing ball game,
where you control a player tile using phone tilting. Key learnings include
handling user input, game mechanics, and implementing features like scoring,
win/lose conditions, and optional enhancements such as sound effects and
different game modes.

#### map-markers

In this project, you will create an app using the Google Maps API that allows
users to save and display their favorite places. You will learn how to implement
a map screen with markers, a favorite places list, and an info page. You will
gain skills in using APIs, managing user data, and creating a user-friendly
interface. Additionally, you will learn to handle location permissions and
navigate between different screens in an app.

#### secure-notes

In the Secure Notes activity, you will learn to build a secure note-taking app
using Flutter. You will gain skills in creating user interfaces with text
fields, managing notes with edit, delete, and reorder options, and implementing
biometric authentication for security. You will also learn to use the `sqflite`
package for database management and practice localizing the app for different
languages. This will enhance your programming skills and help you understand
important concepts in app development.

#### package

In this project, you will create a Flutter package to manage notes using SQLite.
You will learn how to organize and share code effectively through a package, how
to set up metadata in `pubspec.yaml`, and how to implement a `Database` class
for CRUD operations. You will also understand the difference between local and
remote packages, and gain experience in handling existing applications.

#### bloc-counter

In this project, you will learn to build a simple counter app using the BLoC
pattern in Flutter. You will understand how to manage widget states with
patterns to keep your app organized. You will use `BlocObserver`,
`BlocProvider`, and `BlocBuilder` to monitor and update states. You will also
learn about `Streams`, `Sinks`, and how to structure your Flutter app
effectively. This project will help you grasp reactive programming and improve
your app's maintainability.
