## Checkpoint 01-java

### Overview

To achieve the checkpoint for "GoodbyeMars," "SystemLogger,"
"UniversalGreeting," "MultiplicationTable," and other exercises, you will need
to demonstrate the following key skills and knowledge:

- **Java Basics**: Understand Java syntax, classes, and methods.
- **Function Creation**: Write methods that return values or perform actions.
- **Parameter Handling**: Use parameters in functions to customize behavior.
- **Conditional Statements**: Implement `if` and `else` statements for
  decision-making.
- **Loops**: Use loops (like `for` and `while`) to repeat actions.
- **String Manipulation**: Modify and format strings as needed.
- **Array Handling**: Create, access, and modify arrays.
- **Testing**: Use a separate class to test your functions, ensuring they work
  correctly.
- **Mathematical Operations**: Perform basic arithmetic like addition and
  multiplication.
- **Error Handling**: Manage unexpected inputs, returning error messages when
  necessary.

By practicing these skills, you will become proficient in Java programming.

### Content

#### GoodbyeMars

The goal of this exercise is to create a Java function named `goodbyeMars` that
returns the string "Goodbye Mars !" when called. You will implement this
function in a class called `GoodbyeMars`. Additionally, you will test your
function using a separate class named `ExerciseRunner`, which will print the
output to the console. This helps you practice basic Java syntax, function
creation, and using classes.

#### SystemLogger

The goal of this exercise is to practice creating a simple Java function. You
will write a method in `SystemLog.java` that takes a string message, adds
"System Log: " at the beginning, and returns the new string. You will also test
your method using the provided `ExerciseRunner.java` for verification.

#### UniversalGreeting

The goal of this exercise is to create a Java function that provides greetings
in different languages based on the input. You will implement the `greeting`
function in the `UniversalGreeting` class to return specific messages for "FR",
"EN", and "ES", and an empty string for any other input. This will enhance your
programming skills in using conditional statements and functions.

#### MultiplicationTable

The goal of this exercise is to create a function that generates and prints the
multiplication table for a given number. You will define the `generate` function
in `MultiplicationTable.java`, which takes an integer as input and displays the
results in a formatted way. Through this task, you will practice using loops and
string formatting in Java.

#### AverageCalc

The goal of this exercise is to write a Java function named `average` that
calculates the average of numbers between the given start and end values,
increasing by a specified step. You will practice function creation, parameter
handling, and basic arithmetic operations. Testing your function using
`ExerciseRunner.java` allows you to verify its correctness.

#### UnitConverter

The goal of this exercise is to create a function in Java that performs unit
conversions based on user input. You will accept various units such as
Fahrenheit, Celsius, kilometers, and miles, and return the converted value. If
an invalid unit is provided, the function will output "ERROR." This helps you
practice working with functions, parameters, and condition handling in Java.

#### Strlen

The goal of this exercise is to create a Java function named `strlen` that
calculates and returns the length of a string provided as a parameter. You will
implement the function in a file called `Strlen.java`. Testing will be done
using an `ExerciseRunner.java`, which will ensure your function works correctly
by printing the length of a sample string.

#### CountChar

In this exercise, you will create a function in Java that counts the occurrences
of a specified character in a given string. You will write the function `count`
in the `CountChar` class, which takes a string and a character as parameters.
You will test your function using the `ExerciseRunner` class to ensure it
outputs the correct count.

#### Digitlen

The goal of this exercise is to write a Java function named `digitlen` that
counts the number of digits in a given long integer. You will create a class
`Digitlen` with the function, and use another class `ExerciseRunner` to test it.
Your output should show the correct digit count when a number is passed.

#### RotateArray

The goal of this exercise is to create a Java function that rotates an array by
a specified number of positions. You will write a method called `rotate` in the
`RotateArray` class which accepts an array and a rotation count as parameters.
This function should handle both positive and negative rotation counts and
return the modified array. You will also test your function using a sample
`ExerciseRunner` class.

#### ReverseArray

The goal of this exercise is to create a Java program that reverses the order of
elements in an array. You will define a function named `reverse` that takes an
array as input, processes it to reverse the elements, and returns the new
reversed array. This exercise helps you practice functions, array manipulation,
and basic Java syntax.

#### SortArray

The goal of this exercise is to create a Java function named `sort` in a class
called `SortArray`. This function will take an array of integers as an input and
return the same array sorted in ascending order. You will practice your
programming skills by implementing and testing the sorting functionality.

#### AlmostPalindrome

The goal of this exercise is to create a function named `isAlmostPalindrome` in
`AlmostPalindrome.java` that checks if a given String can become a palindrome by
removing one letter. You will implement the logic to identify "almost
palindromes" and test it using the `ExerciseRunner.java` class.

#### Factorial

The goal of this exercise is to write a Java function named `factorial` that
calculates the factorial of a non-negative integer. You will implement logic to
multiply all positive integers up to the given number. This will help you
understand recursion or iteration, along with function creation in Java. You
will also learn to test your function using a separate runner class to see the
results.

#### NextPrime

The goal of this exercise is to develop a Java function that identifies the next
prime number greater than a specified integer. You will write the function
`nextPrime` in the `NextPrime` class, and use the `ExerciseRunner` class to test
your function. This will help you practice number theory and programming logic.
