## standard-lib

### Overview

You will learn the following key concepts by completing the quests:

- **Working with Dates**: You will understand how to parse and format dates and
  times in Java using different functions. You will enhance your ability to
  handle various date formats.

- **Regular Expressions**: You will learn how to use regular expressions to
  manipulate and validate strings. This includes checking character types,
  patterns, and masking sensitive information, which is essential for data
  validation.

- **String Manipulation**: You will gain skills in processing strings, removing
  unwanted characters or units, and formatting them according to specific rules.

- **Time Calculations**: You will learn how to calculate differences between
  dates and times in Java, enabling you to perform operations like finding
  durations and periods effectively.

- **Java Class Structure**: You will practice creating Java classes and
  organizing code into functions, making your code more readable and
  maintainable.

These skills will make you more proficient in Java programming and enhance your
ability to work with data.

### Content

#### ParseDate

The goal of this exercise is to create a Java class named `ParseDate` with three
functions that convert date strings into date and time objects. You will
implement `parseIsoFormat` for ISO date strings, `parseFullTextFormat` for full
text date formats, and `parseTimeFormat` for text-based time descriptions. This
practice will enhance your skills in working with date and time in Java.

#### FormatDate

The goal of this exercise is to practice formatting date and time in Java using
different styles. You will create a Java file that includes three functions to
format a date and time into specified string formats. This helps you understand
working with date/time classes and formatting them correctly for various uses.

#### RegexMatch

The goal of this exercise is to create a Java class `RegexMatch` with three
functions that utilize regular expressions. You will develop `containsOnlyAlpha`
to check if a string has only letters, `startWithLetterAndEndWithNumber` to
verify if a string starts with a letter and ends with a number, and
`containsAtLeast3SuccessiveA` to determine if there are three consecutive 'A'
characters in a string. You will also test these functions in the
`ExerciseRunner` class.

#### RegexReplace

The goal of this exercise is for you to create a Java file with functions that
manipulate strings using regular expressions. You will write `removeUnits` to
eliminate specific units from numbers in a string and `obfuscateEmail` to mask
parts of email addresses based on defined rules. This will enhance your
understanding of regular expressions and string processing in Java.

#### DifferenceBetweenDate

In this exercise, you will create a Java file named `DifferenceBetweenDate.java`
where you will implement three functions to calculate the time and date
differences. The `durationBetweenTime` function will return the positive
duration between two times, the `periodBetweenDate` function will provide the
positive period between two dates, and the `numberOfHoursBetweenDateTime`
function will compute the positive number of hours between two date-times. This
will enhance your skills in handling Java date and time classes.
