## data

### Overview

- You will learn how to execute JavaScript in a web browser without extra
  software.
- You will create simple programs and run them in an HTML page.
- You will understand different primitive data types: string, number, boolean,
  and undefined.
- You will practice declaring and managing constant variables, arrays, and
  objects.
- You will explore object mutability and how references work in JavaScript.
- You will create multiple functions, practicing basic operations and return
  values.
- You will enhance your skills in string manipulation and data structure
  management.
- You will learn about creating self-referencing objects and the limits of
  number values.
- You will deepen your knowledge of conditional statements using functions.
- You will explore the relationships between data types, physics concepts, and
  programming.
- You will understand how to convert data between different types in JavaScript.
- You will learn to build a basic blockchain and understand its structure.

### Content

#### how-2-js

The goal of this exercise is to help you learn how to execute JavaScript in a
web browser without installing extra software. You will create a simple "Hello
World" program, run it in an HTML page, and open it in your browser. You will
also learn to use the browser console to test your code. Finally, you will set
up a repository for your work.

#### primitives

In this exercise, you will create constant variables for four primitive data
types: string, number, boolean, and undefined. This will help you understand how
to define and use different types of data in your programs. By doing this, you
will gain a clearer grasp of variable creation and the characteristics of each
primitive type.

#### declarations

The goal of this exercise is to teach you how to create and manage constant
variables in JavaScript. You will learn to declare a string with special
characters, an array with mixed values, and an object with different primitive
values. Additionally, you will practice creating a nested object and using the
freeze method to prevent changes to arrays and objects, enhancing your
understanding of data structures and immutability in programming.

#### mutability

The goal of this exercise is to understand object mutability in JavaScript. You
will create three copies of the `person` object. You will modify the `age` and
`country` of the original `person` object while ensuring that `clone1` and
`clone2` retain their original values. The `samePerson` reference will change as
the original object is changed, demonstrating how references work in JavaScript.

#### more-or-less

The goal of this exercise is to practice creating functions in programming. You
will create four functions: `more` to increase a number by one, `less` to
decrease a number by one, `add` to find the sum of two numbers, and `sub` to
calculate the difference between two numbers. Each function will demonstrate
your understanding of basic operations and how to return results.

#### returns

The goal of this exercise is to help you practice creating functions in
programming. You will create a function named `id` that returns any value you
pass to it, and another function called `getLength` that calculates and returns
the length of an array or a string. This will enhance your understanding of
functions and data structures.

#### last-first-kiss

The goal of the "Last First Kiss" exercise is to build three functions in
JavaScript. The `first` function will return the first element or character from
an array or string. The `last` function will return the last element or
character. The `kiss` function will return an array containing the last element
followed by the first element. This helps you practice working with data
structures and manipulating strings or arrays.

#### concat-str

The goal of the exercise is to create a function called `concatStr` that takes
two arguments and combines them into a single string. This will help you
practice using functions, understanding parameters, and working with string
manipulation in JavaScript. By completing this task, you will strengthen your
coding skills and enhance your ability to work with data.

#### change

The goal of this exercise is to create two functions, `get` and `set`, to
interact with a `sourceObject`. The `get` function will retrieve a value
associated with a specified key, while the `set` function will update the value
for that key. This practice helps you understand functions and data structures
in JavaScript.

#### dog-years

The goal of this exercise is to create a function called `dogYears` that takes
the name of a planet and the age of a dog in seconds. You will calculate the
dog's age in dog years based on the planet's orbital period compared to Earth.
You will also format the result to display it as a rounded number.

#### circular

The goal of this exercise is to create an object called `circular` that includes
a property named `circular`, which refers back to itself. This self-referencing
structure helps you understand how objects can contain references to themselves,
demonstrating important concepts in data structures and object-oriented
programming.

#### biggie-smalls

The goal of this exercise is to understand how to create variables in
JavaScript. You will create a variable named `smalls` that holds the smallest
possible number value, and another variable named `biggie` that holds the
greatest possible number value. This will help you learn about number limits in
JavaScript.

#### method-man

The goal of this exercise is to practice creating functions in JavaScript that
manipulate strings and arrays. You will learn how to split strings into arrays,
join arrays into strings, convert strings to different cases, and format strings
by capitalizing them. This will enhance your understanding of methods and data
handling in programming.

#### abs

The goal of this exercise is to create two functions. The first, `isPositive`,
checks if a number is positive and returns `true` or `false`. The second
function, `abs`, calculates the absolute value of a number without using
`Math.abs()`. This helps you practice defining functions and using conditionals
in programming.

#### min-max

The goal of this exercise is to create two functions named `max` and `min` that
determine the largest and smallest of two numbers, respectively. You will
practice writing your own logic to find the maximum and minimum values without
using the built-in `Math.max` and `Math.min` functions. This will improve your
understanding of functions and enhance your problem-solving skills in
programming.

#### sign

The goal of this exercise is to create two functions. The first function,
`sign`, will determine the sign of a number by returning `1` for positive
numbers, `-1` for negative numbers, and `0` for zero. The second function,
`sameSign`, will compare two numbers and return `true` if they have the same
sign, or `false` otherwise. By completing this exercise, you will practice using
functions and conditional statements in JavaScript.

#### is

The goal of this exercise is to create functions that add properties to the `is`
object for checking different value types in JavaScript. You will implement
functions that determine if a value is a number, string, boolean, and more,
returning a boolean result. This will help you understand type checking and
improve your coding skills.

#### physics

The goal of this exercise is to help you create a function called
`getAcceleration` that calculates the acceleration of an object based on its
properties: mass, force, change in velocity, change in time, distance, and time.
You will apply Newton's Second Law of Motion and other relevant formulas. If the
data does not allow for a calculation, your function must return the string
"impossible." This will enhance your understanding of physics and programming
together.

#### collections

The goal of this exercise is to help you practice converting data between
different types in JavaScript. You will write functions to transform arrays,
strings, sets, maps, and objects into each other. This will enhance your
understanding of data structures and improve your coding skills. Additionally,
you will create a function called `superTypeOf` to identify advanced data types.

#### block-chain

The goal of this exercise is to create a `blockChain` function that builds a
simple blockchain. You will learn to create blocks with specific properties,
including a unique hash based on previous block data. You will also implement a
method to add new blocks and understand how blockchain data structures work,
using JSON objects.
