## Piscine JS

### Overview

You will learn many key skills from completing this piscine:

- **JavaScript Basics**: Understand data types, variables, arrays, and objects.
  You will also explore functions and return values.

- **Loops and Recursion**: Create functions to manipulate strings and arrays,
  and strengthen your problem-solving abilities.

- **Regular Expressions**: Master string processing with tasks like matching
  patterns and formatting text.

- **Crossword Logic**: Develop functions to solve puzzles, enhancing your error
  management and string manipulation skills.

- **Date Manipulation**: Handle and format dates, validate inputs, and learn
  about leap years.

- **Array Methods**: Use `map`, `filter`, and `reduce`, and practice advanced
  functional programming.

- **DOM Manipulation**: Create interactive web pages, handle events, and enhance
  user experience.

- **API Integration**: Work with the HackerNews API, manage live data, and
  improve your event handling skills.

- **Node.js Skills**: Learn file handling, error management, and HTTP requests,
  preparing you for real-world challenges.

This journey will boost your confidence and competence in programming.

### Content

#### data

In this quest, you will learn to execute JavaScript in a web browser and create
HTML programs. You will understand basic data types, manage variables, arrays,
and objects, and explore functions and their return values. You will practice
string manipulation, data type conversions, and create a basic blockchain. By
completing this, you will gain essential skills in programming and enhance your
understanding of JavaScript concepts.

#### loop

In this quest, you will learn to create functions that manipulate strings and
arrays, practice loops and recursion, and enhance your understanding of data
types in JavaScript. You will implement basic arithmetic operations, manage
nested objects, design algorithms, and generate character shapes. You will
explore DNA and RNA conversions, find unique combinations of numbers, and
improve your coding skills. Each exercise strengthens your problem-solving
abilities, coding fundamentals, and understanding of JavaScript.

#### find

In this quest, you will learn to use regular expressions effectively for various
tasks. You will match the string "hi" in different contexts and create functions
to extract specific patterns, like letters followed by a space and a
single-digit number, or words containing 'ion' after 't'. You will also
manipulate strings to add dots after vowels, extract URLs with certain
parameters, format prices into arrays, and validate IP addresses with optional
ports. Overall, you will enhance your string processing and RegEx skills,
building a strong foundation in text manipulation.

#### crossword

In this activity, you will create a function called `crosswordSolver` that fills
an empty crossword puzzle by using a list of words. You will learn how to handle
string inputs, apply logic to place words correctly based on given rules, and
manage errors if the puzzle cannot be solved. You will practice your coding
skills and enhance your understanding of function creation and string
manipulation in JavaScript.

#### time

In this quest, you will develop essential skills in date manipulation using
JavaScript. You will create functions to manage and modify dates, validate
input, and perform comparisons. You will learn about leap years, custom week
structures, and formatting dates as human-readable strings. Each exercise will
enhance your programming confidence and competence in handling time-related
tasks.

#### call-me-maybe

In the "call-me-maybe" quest, you will learn key JavaScript concepts such as
using `map`, `filter`, and `reduce` to manipulate and process arrays. You will
develop custom versions of these methods and explore higher-order functions to
enhance your coding skills. You will also practice function currying and create
functions to evaluate array elements, improving your understanding of JavaScript
programming and functional techniques.

#### dom

In this quest, you will learn to create functions and manipulate the Document
Object Model (DOM) using JavaScript. You will practice handling events, styling
elements with CSS, and managing arrays. Each exercise will focus on building
interactive features on a webpage, enhancing user experience and developing
problem-solving skills integral to web development.

#### sortable

In this activity, you will create a web page that organizes data about
superheroes. You will learn how to fetch data using JavaScript, display it in an
HTML table, and implement a search feature that filters results in real-time.
Sorting functionality will allow users to arrange data by different columns. You
will also handle pagination and improve user experience with responsive design
and additional features. This project enhances your skills in web development,
data manipulation, and user interaction.

#### object

You will learn to manipulate objects in JavaScript effectively through functions
such as `invert`, `pick`, and `omit`. You will master merging objects with
`fusion`, practice data filtering with grocery cart examples, and explore
functional programming concepts like currying and recursion. You will enhance
your ability to analyze strings and structure data, providing you with a solid
foundation in object manipulation and data handling skills.

#### async

In this quest, you will learn key asynchronous programming concepts in
JavaScript, including debouncing and throttling to improve performance,
interpolation for smooth transitions, and techniques for error handling with
retries and timeouts. You will make HTTP requests with promises, gather data
from APIs, manage multiple async responses, and execute functions in series or
based on the fastest response. You will deepen your understanding of promises
and how to work efficiently with async operations, preparing you for practical
web development challenges.

#### clonernews

In this activity, you will create a user interface for the HackerNews API to
help users stay informed about technology. You will learn to handle posts,
comments, and live updates, while also managing data loading efficiently. This
project will enhance your skills in API integration, event handling, and data
optimization, helping you become a more effective programmer.

#### node

By completing these quests, you will learn essential programming skills using
Node.js. You will practice string manipulation, file handling, and managing
command line arguments. You will also enhance your error handling skills and
learn to manage directories. Furthermore, you will gain experience in sorting
and filtering data, handling HTTP requests, and implementing access control on a
server. Each task is designed to improve your programming abilities and prepare
you for real-world coding challenges.
