## piscine-ux

### Overview

In the piscine projects, you will gain key learnings such as:

- **athlete-keep-hydrated**: You will learn user research, design empathy, and
  how to create user personas and journey maps. You will understand how to
  define problems and iterate solutions.

- **going-on-holidays**: You will improve your interview skills, learn to
  generate insights, and develop creative solutions focused on enhancing user
  experience.

- **teenage-drama**: You will conduct competitive analyses, gather quantitative
  data, and create user personas. This project helps you develop empathy for
  users affected by school harassment.

- **the-olympics**: You will engage in teamwork, facilitate ideation workshops,
  and design prototypes addressing accessibility and local engagement issues.

- **music-on**: You will apply heuristic analysis, create site maps, and improve
  website usability through user-centered design techniques.

- **sunday-night-movie**: You will design user flows and wireframes and conduct
  usability tests, enhancing your skills in design and prototyping.

- **seamstress**: You will help improve business efficiency through UX
  strategies, emphasizing empathy mapping and user testing for effective design
  solutions.

### Content

#### athlete-keep-hydrated

In this project, you will enhance your skills in user research and design
thinking by conducting interviews with athletes to understand their hydration
challenges. You will extract insights, develop a user persona named Pierre, and
map his journey. This process will enable you to define a problem statement and
ideate solutions. You will learn the importance of empathy in design, how to
analyze user feedback, and the value of iterative prototyping. Ultimately, you
will gain hands-on experience in the design process, from research to solution
development, focusing on non-digital solutions.

#### going-on-holidays

The goal of this project is to create a better holiday experience for friends by
understanding their needs and frustrations. You will learn how to conduct
effective interviews, formulate open-ended questions, and analyze responses to
uncover key insights. This process will guide you in forming problem statements
and generating creative solutions to improve the holiday experience. Ultimately,
you will develop skills in user research, analysis, and prototyping, enhancing
your ability to design user-centered solutions.

#### teenage-drama

In this project, you will learn to conduct a competitive analysis to compare
organizations that combat school harassment, focusing on their strategies and
effectiveness. You will gather quantitative data through surveys and interviews,
analyze user insights, create personas and user journeys, and define a problem
statement. This process enhances your research, analytical, and design skills,
ultimately fostering empathy for affected teenagers.

#### the-olympics

In this project, you will collaborate in teams to develop creative ideas for the
next Olympic Games. You will learn to run ideation workshops, create a
structured script, and design three prototypes. You will enhance your skills in
teamwork, project management, and user-centered design while addressing
important problems related to accessibility, information sharing, and local
engagement. Your work will culminate in practical deliverables, fostering
creativity and technical proficiency.

#### music-on

In this project, you will improve a South American music label website by
applying heuristic analysis, creating a site map, and conducting user research.
You will learn to evaluate usability, organize content effectively, and
understand user needs through Jobs-to-be-Done. Additionally, you will practice
card sorting, wireframing, and usability testing. This experience will enhance
your skills in user-centered design and improve the overall user experience of
the website.

#### sunday-night-movie

In this project, you will learn how to create user flows and wireframes for a
movie recommendation platform. You will design user flows for three key
features: mood-based filtering, offering movie selections, and user rating after
viewing. You will then build wireframes based on these flows and animate them in
Figma. Afterward, you will conduct usability tests to gather user feedback and
iteratively improve your prototypes. This process will enhance your skills in
design, prototyping, and user testing, preparing you for real-world applications
in technology and web development.

#### seamstress

In this project, you will help Elsa streamline her swimsuit order process using
UX strategy. You will learn to conduct user research to understand her
customers, define a clear problem statement, and create solutions through
ideation, prototyping, and testing. You will focus on improving her efficiency
by organizing and managing requests effectively within a four-day timeframe. By
the end, you will gain skills in empathy mapping, defining problems, ideation
techniques, and user testing, all crucial for successful design.
