## piscine-ui

### Overview

In the colors-and-moodboard project, you will learn to extract colors, create
appealing moodboards, and analyze typography using Figma. This will improve your
UI/UX design skills.

In the atomic-design project, you will understand the concept of Atomic Design
and identify UI elements like atoms and molecules. You will use Figma to develop
a structured design system and present your work effectively on GitHub.

In the rules project, you will explore key design concepts such as grid systems
and accessibility. You will create Figma files to document your findings,
helping you design user-friendly and attractive layouts.

In the building-an-interface project, you will design an e-commerce app,
focusing on style guidelines, components, user flows, and animations. This
experience will enhance your consistency, user experience, and testing skills.

In the heuristics project, you will evaluate a website or app as a UX auditor.
You will learn to identify usability issues and present actionable
recommendations for improving user experience.

### Content

#### colors-and-moodboard

In this project, you will practice your skills in color extraction, moodboards,
typography, and screen replication using Figma. You will learn to identify and
create color palettes from various websites, design moodboards for specific
briefs, and analyze typography used in different digital products. By completing
these tasks, you will enhance your UI/UX design skills and gain hands-on
experience in creating visually appealing layouts.

#### atomic-design

The goal of this project is to help you understand UI design and the concept of
Atomic Design by creating a structured design system. You will learn to identify
and capture UI elements like atoms, molecules, organisms, and templates from
existing websites. You will also gain skills in using Figma for design and
organization, and you will practice presenting your work clearly on GitHub.

#### rules

In this project, you will explore important design concepts, enhancing your
graphic knowledge and understanding of digital consistency. You will learn to
identify grid systems, multi-state elements, and accessibility features in
websites and apps. You will create Figma files to document your findings,
ensuring clear and organized presentation. This experience will help you create
designs that are user-friendly and visually appealing.

#### building-an-interface

In this project, you will create a complete design for an e-commerce app,
focusing on style guidelines, a design system, high-fidelity screens, and
animation. You will learn to design a moodboard, create a system of design
components, develop user flows, animate prototypes, and conduct desirability
testing to evaluate user perceptions. This hands-on experience will enhance your
skills in design consistency, user experience, and testing methodologies.

#### heuristics

In this project, you will act as a UX auditor for a website or app. You will
learn to define the scope, use heuristic evaluation tools, identify usability
issues, analyze data, and present results. You will create a comprehensive
report with actionable recommendations aimed at improving user experience,
enhancing your critical thinking and creativity in UX design.
