## Piscine Java

### Overview

In the Java piscine, you will gain many important skills:

- **Java Environment Setup**: You will learn how to set up a Java programming
  environment and write your first program.
- **Basic Programming Concepts**: You will practice arithmetic operations,
  conditional logic, and string manipulation.
- **Functions and Arrays**: You will create functions, work with arrays, and
  implement sorting algorithms.
- **Object-Oriented Programming (OOP)**: You will understand concepts like
  classes, inheritance, encapsulation, and polymorphism by working with
  different classes such as `CelestialObject` and `Character`.
- **Error Handling**: You will learn how to manage errors and create custom
  exceptions.
- **Data Structures**: You will explore lists, maps, and sets and use streams
  for data processing.
- **Design Patterns**: You will learn various design patterns to improve your
  code structure and practices.
- **Animation and Graphics**: You will implement algorithms and use graphics in
  Java, enhancing your understanding of user interaction.

Completing this piscine will provide you with a strong foundation in Java
programming.

### Content

#### java-intro

In the Java introductory quest, you will learn to set up a Java environment and
create your first program. You will practice arithmetic operations, implement
conditional logic, and use string manipulation techniques. You will explore
methods, enums, and loops to enhance your programming skills. You will also work
with arrays to process elements based on rules. This quest will give you a solid
foundation in Java programming, preparing you for more advanced topics.

#### io-args

By completing the io-args quests, you will improve your Java programming skills
significantly. You will learn to create functions, handle arrays, use sorting
algorithms, and manage file input and output. You will also work with
command-line arguments, manipulate strings, implement file management features,
and understand recursion. These skills will enhance your overall coding
abilities in Java.

#### oop1

In this quest, you will learn essential concepts of object-oriented programming
in Java by working with a `CelestialObject` class and its extensions. You will
create class structures, constructors, getters, setters, and static methods. You
will practice inheritance, method overriding, and encapsulation, enhancing your
skills in managing data and collections. By completing each exercise, you will
gain practical experience in Java programming and develop a strong understanding
of these key concepts.

#### Checkpoint 01-java

In this checkpoint, you will learn key Java programming skills by completing
exercises like creating functions, handling parameters, using loops and
conditionals, and manipulating strings and arrays. You will practice testing
your code with separate classes to ensure correctness. This will build your
proficiency in Java syntax and enhance your problem-solving abilities, preparing
you for more complex programming tasks.

#### jart

In this activity, you will create a program that generates and manipulates
geometric shapes using Java. You will learn to define interfaces for drawing and
displaying shapes, implement constructors for various shapes like points, lines,
triangles, rectangles, and circles, and create methods for random shape
creation. By the end, you will understand object-oriented programming concepts
and how to utilize interfaces and methods to build a graphic application. You
will also have the option to extend your knowledge by adding more complex
shapes.

#### oop2

In this quest, you will create a `Character` class in Java and manage properties
like health and name. You will learn to implement constructors and methods,
manage fights using static lists, and apply inheritance by creating a `Monster`
class. You will also use interfaces like `Tank` and `Healer` to organize code,
implement a `Sorcerer` class with healing abilities, and explore abstract
classes. Additionally, you will create a `Weapon` class and introduce custom
exceptions, enhancing your understanding of error handling. Through this, you
will deepen your object-oriented programming skills in Java.

#### java-structures

In this quest, you will learn how to create and use functions in Java for lists,
maps, and sets, improving your data manipulation skills. You will practice
essential operations like checking values, comparing, sorting, and searching
through data structures. You will also gain hands-on experience with Java
Streams for advanced data processing. Additionally, you will sharpen your
problem-solving skills by working on algorithm design, such as making change and
pairing names based on preferences. Overall, this quest will enhance your
understanding and skills in Java programming.

#### Checkpoint 02-java

In Checkpoint 02-java, you will learn essential object-oriented programming
concepts, including classes, objects, methods, and inheritance. You will design
and implement classes for tasks, project durations, date formatting, area
calculations, and sorting algorithms. You will also practice data structures
like linked lists, error handling, and algorithm design. Through exercises, you
will enhance your skills in string manipulation, mathematical calculations, and
writing test cases, ensuring your code functions properly. By completing this
checkpoint, you will gain a solid foundation in Java programming and
object-oriented design principles.

#### jaikin

In this project, you will learn to implement Chaikin's algorithm while creating
an interactive animation using a canvas. You will gain skills in handling mouse
input to place points, displaying graphics, and managing key events. You will
also learn to control animation flow, conditionally respond to user actions, and
potentially enhance your application with bonus features. Through this activity,
you will deepen your understanding of algorithms, programming logic, and canvas
graphics.

#### standard-lib

In the quest "standard-lib," you will learn essential Java programming skills
focused on date and string manipulation. You will understand how to work with
dates, format them, use regular expressions for string validation, and calculate
time differences. You will create Java classes to parse and format dates and
validate strings, improving both your coding structure and data handling
abilities. These skills will enhance your proficiency in Java and prepare you
for more complex programming tasks.

#### design-patterns

In this quest, you will learn and implement essential design patterns in
programming, enhancing your coding skills. You will work with the Singleton
Pattern to manage instance creation. You will use the Factory Pattern to create
objects without specifying classes. The Builder Pattern will help you construct
complex objects easily. The Decorator Pattern will allow you to add new features
to existing classes flexibly. The Strategy Pattern will enable you to choose
algorithms at runtime, promoting clean code. Lastly, the Observer Pattern will
teach you how to notify multiple objects about changes efficiently. Completing
these exercises will deepen your understanding of object-oriented programming
and improve your coding practices significantly.

#### Checkpoint 03-java

In this exam, you will learn to manipulate dates, handle errors, and validate
HTML. You will work with regular expressions to parse URLs and secure sensitive
data. You will understand design patterns like Singleton, Builder, and Factory.
You will apply data structures to find frequent elements and solve string
manipulation challenges. You will also practice mathematical concepts by
checking Armstrong and perfect numbers. Ultimately, you will enhance your Java
programming skills through hands-on exercises.

#### jraffic

In the Jraffic activity, you will create a traffic control strategy for an
intersection, focusing on simulating vehicle movements and traffic lights. You
will learn how to implement JavaFX for visual representation, control vehicle
behavior, and manage traffic flow efficiently to prevent congestion and
collisions. You will also gain experience in handling user inputs and
maintaining safety distances between vehicles in a simulated environment.
Optional features like vehicle animations will enhance your project. This
activity develops your programming skills and understanding of traffic
management principles.
