## dom

### Overview

You will learn several important skills through the quests:

- **Function Creation**: You will write and use functions to manage tasks and
  data.
- **DOM Manipulation**: You will learn how to create, remove, and update HTML
  elements dynamically to enhance user interaction.

- **Event Handling**: You will understand how to respond to user actions like
  clicks and key presses to make your web pages interactive.

- **CSS Styling**: You will practice applying styles and creating visual effects
  to improve the look of your web elements.

- **Working with Arrays**: You will manage arrays of data to create and
  manipulate elements in your projects.

- **User Interaction**: You will design systems that respond to user inputs in
  meaningful ways, such as color pickers and dynamic grids.

- **Problem Solving**: You will improve your logical thinking and
  problem-solving skills as you complete each challenge.

These skills are essential for becoming proficient in web development using
JavaScript.

### Content

#### get-them-all

The goal of this exercise is to write functions that help identify the architect
of the Tower of Pisa from a group of people. You will gather information about
architects and non-architects, classify them, and determine which ones are
active. You will specifically find Bonanno Pisano, the architect sought, and
manage this through JavaScript functions using provided HTML elements.

#### build-brick-and-break

The goal of this exercise is to create a 3-column brick tower using JavaScript.
You will build the tower by generating `div` elements and displaying them at
intervals. You will also implement two functions: one to repair bricks, setting
custom attributes based on their column, and another to remove the last brick.
This will enhance your skills in DOM manipulation and event handling.

#### harder-bigger-bolder-stronger

The goal of this exercise is to create a tool that measures ocular skills by
generating a display of letters that increase in difficulty. You will write the
function `generateLetters` to create 120 `div` elements, each containing a
random uppercase letter. Additionally, you will adjust the font size from 11 to
130 pixels and set varying font weights to enhance the challenge level of the
letters.

#### pimp-my-style

The goal of this exercise is to enhance the appearance of a button on an HTML
page by dynamically changing its classes. You will write a function that adds
classes from a provided styles array on each click and removes them in reverse
order after reaching the last element. You will also toggle an "unpimp" class
while adding and removing other classes to create a visual effect. This exercise
will help you understand class manipulation in JavaScript.

#### fifty-shades-of-cold

The goal of this exercise is to improve a webpage by displaying shades of cold
colors. You will create CSS classes for each color in the provided array,
generate a corresponding `<div>` for each selected color, and display the name
of the color inside the `<div>`. Additionally, you will write a function that
updates the classes of the `<div>`s based on the user's click, enhancing
interactivity. This exercise helps you practice JavaScript functions, CSS
styling, and manipulating HTML elements dynamically.

#### keycodes-symphony

The goal of this exercise is to create a function called `compose` that responds
to key presses on the keyboard. When a lowercase letter is pressed, a new `div`
is created with a unique color and displays the letter. If `Backspace` is
pressed, the last div is removed, and pressing `Escape` will clear all divs.
This exercise enhances your understanding of keyboard events and dynamic HTML
manipulation.

#### mouse-trap

The goal of this exercise is to create interactive functionality on a webpage
using JavaScript. You will develop three functions: one to create circles at
mouse click positions, another to move those circles with mouse movements, and a
third to trap the circles within a central box when entirely inside. This
enhances your skills in event handling and DOM manipulation.

#### pick-and-click

The goal of this exercise is to create a color picker that uses HSL values,
which change based on mouse position. You will write a function that adjusts the
background color according to the X and Y coordinates of the mouse. You will
also display the HSL values and allow the user to copy the color to the
clipboard upon clicking. Additionally, two SVG lines will track the cursor
movement.

#### gossip-grid

The goal of this exercise is to create a grid display of gossip items using
HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. You will create a function called `grid` that
presents each gossip as a card. The first card will be a form for users to
submit new gossip. You will also implement three range inputs to adjust card
properties like width, font size, and background lightness. By completing this
task, you will enhance your skills in manipulating DOM elements and using input
elements effectively.

#### where-do-we-go

The goal of this exercise is to create a webpage that displays a list of holiday
destinations. You will write a function named `explore` to sort and show these
places from north to south, using images and a location indicator that updates
on scroll. You will also implement a compass to show the direction of scrolling.
This will help you plan your next holiday effectively.
